---
# text transcript for Interview with K. Silem Mohammad
---

Emily: [00:00:00] Hello, my name is Emily White. I will be having a conversation with Cashae for the Trans Oral History Project in collaboration with the Center for Research in Feminist, Queer, and Transgender Studies, the William Way LGBT Center, and the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts at the University of Pennsylvania.
This is an oral history project centered on the experiences of trans, non binary, and gender non conforming people. It is April 20th, 2023, and this is being recorded at the Morris home. location in West Philadelphia. Could you share your name, pronouns, and birthdate? 
Cashae: Yes, hi, my name is Cashae Mott. Um, I'm from Philadelphia.
I was born 1987, 915. And my pronouns is she and her. 
Emily: Great! Um, so let's just start. By talking about how you would describe 
Cashae: your gender. [00:01:00] Um, I'd describe my gender, I'm, I'd describe as female. Um, you know, um, well, Um, as a child I grew up and, you know, I was very feminine, um, from birth. Uh, you know, growing up I always was in my mom's, um, makeup, her, um, Nail polish, her, her heels, her pocketbooks, and you know, it was, as growing up it was kind of tough for me because my dad was like kind of hard on me, um, about me being very feminine and you know, I was, I'm my dad's only boy, well was my dad's only boy, but, so he kind of took it hard at first, but he kind of grew into it as I got older.
Um, I wasn't, like, really pushed out as far as, like, by being feminine for my family, like, pushed away. I definitely still have my family's support, by the grace of God. Um, [00:02:00] I was just a very feminine, um, A very feminine kid. Um, I was teased a lot in school. So, you know, I try to kinda act, try to act masculine.
Um, it took, I came out when I was about 18. Um. It was kind of, it was kind of rough as a kid though, cause you know, my dad, well I would call it abused for, abused me for, you know, when I played with dolls, when I was, and my mom, when I was being caught, um, I used to get beat for when I did, and put on punishment for a very long time, and you know, it kind of, um, discouraged me from it.
Um. Being who I was going to be anyway. Um, I kind of hid it for a very long time and it was like carrying a thousand pounds on my shoulders for it's like, you know, Um, I'm not being able to be who I wanted to be and hide and try to play with boy things [00:03:00] and you know, I have a lot of sisters. Um, so it was hard for me to take in my sisters being able to be feminine and I really wanted to be feminine.
And you know, they didn't kind of push me away, but they used to call me names when we used to get in an argument. Before I even knew what the names were, like, for us, like, you know, faggot, um, you want to be a girl and you're not a girl and, um, it was tough. Um, so I kind of, when I got in school Um, of course I had a learning disability as a child so I was in special education so that was kind of hard for me itself.
But me being feminine on top of that, um, the kids used to always wonder was I gay or, you know, um. Why did I act like a girl? And, you know, I never really could explain it because I didn't understand it at the time because I was confused, I started getting confused of what I wanted to be. And it was like, am I [00:04:00] gay?
Am I not gay? Or what am I? I'm not even really into boys at this age. So, it was just like, um, a little struggle for me. And... You know, um, I noticed when I've about, um, in my early teens, um, I start acting out with sneaking with friends and doing things and, you know, as far as like playing a house with my sisters and my cousins, I was, would try to be the female and do bad things like, you know, kids, kids think kid, not what kids are supposed to do, and.
Um, well, my sister was actually involved in an incident and that's when kind of like my secret came out to show for us like, you know, my cousin's touching me and my sister's as um, playing house and it started off of us playing house and they started touching my sister and she didn't like it and she told my mom and my mom told her that [00:05:00] my sister My mom that I was involved doing stuff with the boys, too.
And, you know, my mom kind of blew it out of proportion. And, you know, I got in real bad trouble. So it was like, after that incident that happened with my family, because it became a big family thing. Because my mom was like, you touched my daughter and my son, or whatever. And, um, so it was like, we had to kind of be sheltered away from, like, the family.
As far as, like, my mom's stashing us away, not trusting nobody. Um... And my dad was like, you know, very hard on me because he was like, well, you're gay. And I was like, well, I don't even really know what gay is, but I'm not going to consider myself that. And, oh, and, um, so I kept it in and, you know, I'm trying to kept it in.
Um, I wasn't dressing up as trans yet, um, but I was playing, sneaking in, um, girl clothes and dressing and in the basement and stuff and hiding and doing it, but I wasn't outly doing [00:06:00] it. Um, but I always was obsessed with like dolls and hair and makeup for some reason. So my sister's just, I learned early how to braid hair.
So it was like good that came out of it too. So. It was one time where, um, my stepmom, my mom and my dad wasn't together at this time. And my stepmom, I was staying with my dad and my stepmom went for Christmas time and we had to go pick out toys. And, you know, she kind of knew my feminine side. She really knew, but she didn't judge me on it like that.
As far as like call me names or anything, she'll sneak and let me play with the dolls without getting in trouble and things. So I got kind of clingy to her. And she always used to let me play in her hair, you know. I started learning how to braid and stuff early on, before my sisters even knew how cause they was like more tomboyish.
Some of them was like more tomboyish and played with boys toys and they didn't, they wasn't interested. I always took their girl toys. So. [00:07:00] It was around Christmas time and I took, she took us, we was able to go to the toy store and pick a toy and I picked this Pocahontas doll. It was like Pocahontas. I was in love with Pocahontas, um, as a kid.
And I picked the Pocahontas doll, and she was like, I don't know if your dad is going to let you get this. So, I'm going to whip that off. So, it was Christmas Day, and, I'll never forget it. Um, It was Christmas Day, and we were opening our toys. So, I had all these boy toys. I get to the last toy, and it's the doll.
And I was just so excited about it. So, that's the only toy I played with. I played with. So, my oldest sister came. We were sleep. I think I had the doll in my room with me sleep or something. And she took the doll, my oldest sister, took the doll and cut the hair off the doll. And I was traumatized after that.
Like, I was traumatized, like, after that. So, it was like, um, it was very evil. And it was [00:08:00] like, they used to do very spiteful things. Knowing, like, you know, try to expose me when we go to sleep. school or on the school bus or whatever, in case they used to, like, call me faggots and people used to laugh and, you know, I, I always took out for my sisters though, like, as far as like, if someone was messing with them, I always took out for them.
So it never like distanced me away because it was like they knew who I was before I knew who I was. But when my family's point of, like, as far as like my own parents point of view of it, my dad wasn't condoning it at all. My mom was like, okay, I've been seeing it in you since a kid. I never could stop you.
I'm not going to keep beating my child for, you know, he's not stopping. Um, so they kind of put me in therapy. After the situation happened, me and my sister, they put us in therapy and the therapist was trying to get out of, well, he did something that I didn't like, um, far as like, I told him a secret and he told my mom and I, um, [00:09:00] I kind of like start like running away and stuff after that.
It was like, um, I told, cause it took me a while to grow on the therapist and as soon as I got comfortable enough to. Um, talk to him. He kind of exposed me to my parents, and I didn't like that at all because it like kind of drugged me out the closet. I told him that I was gay, and I was like, I think I'm gay.
That's what I said. I told him I think I'm gay because, you know, I don't look at girls, and I think I'm attracted to guys. And he told my parents. Well, he told my mom and my mom told my dad and my aunts and my, and it was like, you know, they was like, Oh, we see what your problem is. You're gay. And I was like, well, y'all was calling me gay my whole life.
Like, what is the big deal of it? And you know, my dad kind of like, um, stopped interacting with me. He's just like stopped completely interacting with me and, you know, it was like more like favoritism between him and my sisters. I [00:10:00] wasn't, I was like, kind of, he was kind of like pushing me away, disowning me and, you know, I became, um, depressed.
I was very depressed because I was used to, like, my dad was in denial for a very long time about it, but him not knowing and... I would never admit that I said that to the man. I would, like, not admit it. And, um, So I start, like, disappearing, running away on the weekends, or, you know, like I go to my aunt house and I run away in the neighborhood and, you know, it's hard for them to find me for like a day or two.
And so I got older and... I was about, I must say, I was about 17. Um, at this time, um, I was venturing out on my own. You know, I was going downtown, going to clubs and things of that nature. And by the way, I have another, me and my cousin Elijah, he's gay too. Um, he [00:11:00] came out before me though. So, he used to get play house with us and stuff.
And... Um, he knew my, what I, he knew who I was. And, um, he used to take, he started taking me out to like, gay clubs and I started getting into, you know, the gay scene, as far as like, me seeing other transgender women, because I never really seen other transgender women and other gays. So when I started going to the clubs and I started learning about houses, I started learning about balls, I started learning how, you know, gay people, and he took me to the club and I had the best time of my life.
Like, my first experience around gay people, other gay people, where I had the time of my life, like, it was remarkable, like, for, it's like, you know, the balls, it was just amazing, I mean, the voguing, I never was introduced to it, so it was, like, amazing, I was, like, amazed, like, I was, like, it's a whole nother world outside [00:12:00] of, um, People who are homophobic or people who are not gay, so it was a whole nother world for me, and it was like um It kind of left a little pressure off my shoulder because I was like there's other people out here That's like not high and uncomfortable in their skin, and you know um So at this time I started talking to a guy I met a guy, I was working at Sears Portrait Studio, um, and he, um, he was interested in me and it was my first time coming out and, um, coming out to a guy like, like, actually really liking a guy and being comfortable and talking on my cell phone to him and stuff.
So, I got comfortable and I was talking back and forth to my cousin. My cousin didn't expose, even though my cousin was exposed. to his parents, his dad. Now his dad is Muslim in my family. So they really pushed him to, like, the Kurd. And, [00:13:00] um, So, I was like, I was talking to the guy, he was like, why are you, you're 17, um, you stay in with your mom, um, you basically do what you want to do, why won't you express to your family, cause it seemed like I, I, you, it seemed like you sheltering yourself, and I was like, I was really into him at this time, um, and I was like, you know what, maybe I should.
Let this out and admit to my family or come out. So I called my sister first. I was like, sis. I was like, sister, I got something to tell you that you probably always wanted to hear. And she was like, what is it? And I was like, I'm gay. She was like, okay, I been knew.
She was like, I been knew. I was like, don't tell mommy and daddy because I'm not ready yet. So, um, she told my mom and my mom called me and she was like, um, so you going around telling people you [00:14:00] gay, why won't you call your dad and tell him you're gay? And I was like. I don't think I want to do that. And then she was like, why not?
I think he'll still love you the same. I was, she was like, I don't care what you are. I, she was like, I could, I could, I didn't want to say it until you said it, but I knew you were, um, gay. You wouldn't stay out of my stuff. And, she was like, I think you should call and let your dad know what's going on. And I was like, um, okay.
I was like, so I called my dad and I was like, Dad, um, um, I don't want you to disown me. I don't want you to feel no type of way or push me away, but if you need time to think on it, I'll give you your space, but I need to let this off my shoulder. I was like, um, I told him that I was gay and he was like, so what did you call me for?
You just felt as though you need to had to tell me that. He was like, well I'm straight, so you keep that gay shit [00:15:00] where you at and don't call my phone no more. I was like, okay. So it was about, um, I didn't call him. I started going out more. You know, I kind of, I cried at first, you know, him saying it, um, cause I didn't know he was going to shut me down, um, but he, it took about a year, a year and a half maybe, um.
We had to, through family, we had to start speaking like, um, you know, I would go over his place with my sisters and, you know, I would avoid him. And, you know, I wasn't dressed as a girl as out of respect, but I was dressing as a girl at night at um, I started dressing with my cousin. I was getting a social security check at the time and my cousin was like, look, I'm homeless.
I don't have nowhere to go. So I was sneaking him into my mom's basement, like, come just stay with me a night. And we out during the day and when my mom went to sleep, we, you just come in and get your rest. And he was [00:16:00] out there prostituting. He was dressing as a trans and I was very interested in what he was doing.
I was like, I, I didn't really have to do it, but it was like, you know, I wanted to be a girl so bad. I wanted that feeling of wearing hair and he was doing it and Um going out to the clubs and nobody was bashing him He was like his who he want who himself and he was sneaking out with him and one day he was like look I got a plan for us.
But I need you to get your first in. When you get your first in my check, I'm going to tell you, man. He was like, we dressing as girls. Well, we both going to do it. And I was like, well, I'm down with that. I already knew how to do hair. And it was just so exciting. I was so happy, so I couldn't wait till the first.
So we did it. And we went over to my sister's house and when he dressed me, we went over to my sister's house and my sister was hype and she was dressing me too. Same thing she did when she took pictures of us behind her back while we was doing it. It's, it's, it's a lot [00:17:00] of course. Um, but I was already out the closet by then.
I was already gay. I was already out as gay. So, I was like. My mom was like, Oh, so you're dressing as a girl now? And I was like, um, well, I went out with him and I got introduced to prostitutes. This is the day I got introduced to prostituting. Um, when stuff, this is when stuff really hit the fan. Cause I kinda, I kinda got a thrill out of it first and I didn't know how dangerous it was.
You know, um, I started off, I didn't really know what I was doing when I first started and you know, um, My cousin kind of put me on. He gave me, he told me the ropes when we first went out and I, um, At this time my mom was like you cannot come to my house dressed like no girl I don't care that you gay, but you're not dressing like a girl and I was like, um But mom, um that I like to do this and she was [00:18:00] like, well you can't Um, and if you want to live that lifestyle, you can't live under my roof And, well not as far as like being a transgender woman, as far as like transitioning and, so I was hiding it for about maybe a year or two, um, maybe a year or two, yeah, maybe like two years I was hiding it, just getting dressed at night, sneaking out, going to clubs and it was like, you know, I was prostituted, I started prostituting with my cousins, so that became an addiction for me.
A very bad addiction, because I started getting addicted to the money. And, it was like, you know, I started buying, I wanted to look better as a female. As far as like, you know, started working on myself. As far as like, you know, taking hormones. And, um, I started wanting it deep down to go inside it. At this time, me and my dad started speaking again.
We were speaking throughout the phone, you know. If I needed a few bucks, he would give me a few bucks. So he was like getting more comfortable [00:19:00] with it. And he, um, he passed by the way. Um, before he, before he passed, he told me that if you want to be a girl... Or, and change your name and do surgery and stuff.
Just make sure I pass away first. Um, and I was like, I couldn't, I didn't know how to break it but I made him a promise. Like, okay, I won't get no surgeries or anything until you pass away. Um, I say him out of grace to God, but he passed away, um, about two years ago. And, you know, I already was starting taking hormones and stuff.
I started taking hormones and stuff, but. Um, I started getting, um, I just, when he passed away, I started getting more into myself. It was more of a weight, well, even when he started accepting it, um, before he passed, he, I was like a, it was like a weight off of my shoulders for like a few years. Like, you know, letting it out was just like a relief for me.
Like a thousand pounds, I could be who I want to be. [00:20:00] Even if I seen people in traffic at night that I knew. And then go to the other side of my family, saw me dressed like a girl. And, it became an addiction. The sex trafficking that I was doing became an addiction. The prostituting became an addiction and one thing led to another.
Um, my mom had gotten incarcerated for a very long time. I'm not gonna say the reason why, but she got incarcerated. So, you know, we at, we end up losing a Section eight house, and we all started. split up, living with family members. So, you know, me prostitutes took me further out there for attack my sisters and my family and my sisters was having babies and, you know, for us, like my mom and us, I had to, I felt it was my, my, my, um, duty to provide at least something for my siblings.
So I start, I was prostituting and I was making money and I was going in and out of town and my sisters. Bringing back my sister isn't enough money, cause my mom had a little baby before she [00:21:00] got locked up, so my sister just was like taking care of the baby, and Um, stuff became harder for me. It became harder because the funds that I was making wasn't just going out just to myself, it was going to my family.
It was like, never enough money. And my dad, we didn't have the same, like me and like two of my sisters got the same mom and dad. So it's like, he wouldn't take care of nobody but my sisters, that's by him, and my mom, me. Occasionally he'll give me money. But it wasn't enough and we end up losing the place.
We got separated and, um, it was harder. It was very hard for me because I start being very rebellious to, um, authority and, you know, my, um, authority and my, my, um, my family. I wouldn't listen. I was starting to smoke weeds, take pills, um, I was getting [00:22:00] into the streets a lot and it kind of took me under because I kind of like burned all my bridges as far as like my family and, you know, me being trans, starting to be trans.
When my mom got incarcerated, I started dressing like a girl all day, every day. This is when I was like full time and, um, Um, She got incarcerated, I started dressing everyday and I got very comfortable with being a female for like throughout the whole entire day and you know, of course my hair got more expensive for it's like human hair, not buying wigs, things of that nature, um, synthetic wigs and.
You know, it start costing me more. And so I was like, I'm not going to waste my money that I'm out here prostituting for. And you know, um, if my sister needed money, I kind of was like giving my check to them at the time. And, um, just so they can help take care of the rent and things. They wasn't, it wasn't enough because it [00:23:00] was a lot of siblings.
Um, but. Things got rough for me. As far as like my family, I went straight to the streets. I started staying with friends that I was meeting, guys that I was meeting, and things just didn't work as planned. So things got really rough for me. And I got introduced to, um, PCP, um, which is a drug. Um, they also, it's also known as WET.
I got addicted to WET, and Um, I start, um, tripping out for it's like, it's a hallucinogenic and I start tripping out not knowing that it was tripping me out. But, I would start tripping out and I start, my family start, um, 302ing me. I saw them a few times. I got so depressed where, you know, I slit my wrist.
Um, I wanted, I didn't want to be here. I didn't feel like I wanted to be here. Cause at this time... All the doors was closed for me to go back to my family and home and [00:24:00] it was just like, you know Maybe a few family members trying to be like, well, you gotta go off drugs You gotta stop prostituting and stay with me and it was just real hard for me.
Um At that time I missed my mom, of course So At that point, um, as far as like me going into the mental hospitals and, you know, different, um, psych wards, um, they started giving me medications and, um, I had got locked up. After that, I got locked up and, um, I felt out something that, I kind of discouraged me, um, as far as like me processing an intersexually transmitted disease that, you know, I found when I was locked up and I didn't know what to do.
So I tried to commit suicide a few times about it and it didn't, um,
It didn't work, of course, and I tried to commit [00:25:00] suicide, so I started learning how to deal with it and cope with it. Um, and I knew that it wasn't the end of the world by the time, um, I started coming along and growing. Oh, it grew on me. Um, it still kind of kept me in a deep depression. And I didn't, um, I didn't love myself like I used to as far as, like, having it.
And, um, I kind of fell off. Um, as far as I experienced with more different drugs, um, I got addicted to crack cocaine. Um, I just went out there. I was out there, like really out there and, you know, by me getting incarcerated, my check had got cut off and I started prostituting more and, um, you know, I was basically homeless living on the streets by then.
Um. Pedal to poles, hotels to hotels, um, you know, it just really got [00:26:00] hard for me and I've been in a couple drug treatments, um, that I went to, like far as like, um, outpatient. I started off outpatient, of course, um, um, then I, um, I tried one inpatient. And it was, um, for, uh, it was for, um, 30 days and, um, I got into an argument and an altercation with a member in there.
So, you know, I got kicked out and I left. As far as me, like, expressing myself to people and venting to people and the fear of me talking to a therapist and them letting my business out as a kid. I kind of, like, got discouraged to that. So, it was just, like, I wasn't letting nobody in, or I wasn't venting and letting nobody know what I was feeling.
I was just bottling stuff up at this point. Because, um, of this sexually [00:27:00] transmitted disease, I was, like, embarrassed. Um, but, you know, when I found out and I talked to a couple people, they was like, you know, you still can live and things of that nature, as far as like that. And, um. And learning how to deal with it as far as like taking my medications on time and every day and stuff like that.
But, um, it was just, it was... A very, I was in a depressed stage for a very long time. I was in and out of it, snapping in and out of it, and it was like, you know, I didn't have no hope for myself. So now when I'm a girl, um, I'm not keeping up with myself. I'm. I was feeling down about being trans and I think I started putting it on myself that like I kind of ruined my family as far as like me and my family pushing me away from the stuff that I was doing and, um.
It was [00:28:00] all fun and games at first, like, it was all fun and games. And, like, my life kind of took a downhill. It went downhill from, you know, since I came out and exposing it. And it was just like ups and it was downs with it. But I think what hit the fan was when my mom got locked up. And, and, it took my, it broke the family apart.
Um. But, um, I came a long way by me being out there and starting to, you know, pick up different hustles as far as us. Like I was boosting. I was stealing from stores. Um, I met different people who was doing things and, you know, um, I've been arrested more times. I got arrested more times and this last go round, you know.
I had a back judge, of course, um, she kind of, um, directed me in the right way, like, [00:29:00] um, I had a problem with authority, very, a real bad problem with authority, and I thought that, you know, the system was always, the prison system was always out to just lock you up or, you know, take away your freedom, and I had that impression on it for a very long time until I actually went into my back judge and let her know what was going on, like, what was, um, I gave her, she gave me a little, a worker from Action Wellness, and Um, and I let her know like, you know, what I was going through and, you know, I kind of let, enlightened her on what was going on with my situation for as I, what I'm struggling with.
And, you know, now I'm addicted to drugs and, you know, things ain't going my way. I can't find a stable place. Um, you know, so she kind of brought it to my attention, like, well, I heard of the Morris home through friends. Um, out on the streets and they kind of, I kind of like was like, no, I'm not [00:30:00] going to no shelter with no transgender people.
Cause at this time I started thinking like, cause I started getting in the fights with them and thinking it was shady and I didn't think I was up to par, stuff like that. I was like, um, cause I started seeing very pretty ones and it was a lot, um, catty stuff with, uh, transgenders too. They got they like, they...
They got a way of living, um, but, um, I talked to my judge and she was like, you know, and told me what the Morris home had offered for, as far as like, um, uh, inpatient, as far as like being inpatient and working on my mental health and working on my drug, um, habit. And, you know, how they help you with housing, and how they help you with, you know, getting your, um, my social security back on, and how they help you with therapy, and how other trans that, you know, are going through the same thing as me.[00:31:00] 
And at this time, I was very, very wore down, and I was very, very tired. Like, of everything. Like, as far as like, living in the streets, tricking prostitutes, and it just got overwhelming with me from everything that happened. And it was like, you know, I'm tired. Like, I don't know if I should give up. But every time she released me, I was going out to the same thing.
And she was like, you know, I want to release you to an inpatient. I want you to go to a transgender inpatient. And I was like, You know what I can take this up offer up that they're offering and focus on myself and I Got to give it to myself. It was it was It took, it took a lot out of me, as far as like, you know, me, me used to be living this one way.
And, taking a toll, I just started listening to other transgenders, as far as like, when I got into the moratorium. I started listening to other transgenders, and the similar situations, and, or even worse [00:32:00] situations. And, I started. It started touching me and it started saying like, okay, I'm not the only one out here.
Um, You know if they can do it and they can strive for their own for who they are and You know They keep they still striving to keep their head if they've been here in and out of Morris home two three times just to get They self together Why can't I and I was so we got through we got group Um, in the morning, every morning, and I was listening to their stories, and it kind of made me comfortable enough to express that out slowly but surely, like, throughout the days, let out my story.
And, when I released it, I felt better. It felt, I felt better. And, you know, I kind of started talking, after that, I started getting, um, cause we got a home therapist here at the Morris home, each got a therapist. And, I started venting to my therapist and letting them [00:33:00] know, and then, you know, I started letting things out, and it, it felt better, and I felt better about myself, and I was like, you know, these girls are still striving for what they want and who they are, you know, they still out here, and some of them, they never have nothing, and, um, No, nobody and you know, I was like, you know, God sent me this way for a reason far as, like getting myself together and, you know, showing me there is a way to get through this and It took for me to get clean.
It took for me to get off drugs. It took me, it took me to stop prostituting. It took me to like, say, I don't want to do this anymore. And I felt a lot better. And then things blessings just start coming my way far. It's like my housing, you know, them helping me with my social security is still in effect.
Um, me working on my sobriety, me working on my recovery. It's just, you know, me working on my mental health, me, finding issues that, you [00:34:00] know, anger issues that I dealt with, me taking anger management tests, me wanting to go back to school. Um, I just start loving myself again. And it feels amazing to the fact it brings tears to my eyes thinking about it.
Cause it's like, you know, I came a long way and I want to speak for any other transgender that's out there. That's like, you know, as far as like, I tell them Morris home, like. There's a day where I wanna go speak to people, I wanna go speak to other trans, I wanna, even not only trans, people who are on drugs, people who are out there, like, there's a way you can come about that, and there's people who are actually out there that have been through the same thing that you, that got their self together, that can probably lead you and guide you in the right way.
It's just, you know, like, you're not the only one out here, and just don't give up, cause there was a time where I kinda gave up, and I thought it was the end. And, you know, I'm here today taking another breath so I gotta thank God because a [00:35:00] lot of transgenders that was out there with me when I first started, when I first came out, they're not here no more and you know, um.
I kind of, it kind of touches me to, to hear somebody that I was out there prostituting with or somebody I was in there clubbing with or somebody who, you know, helped me along my transition to pass the way over not getting yourself together. It hurts. It kind of hurts to be like, dang, that's the same girl that used to bring me water and sandwiches every night, or, you know, had me give me a few bucks when I needed it, you know, it was just like, you know, she didn't make it, she OD'd, or, you know, someone killed her, um, it just hurt, and I lost a couple close friends of, you know, that, not the fact, speaking on the fact that, you know, I was, The gay bashing that I went through, as far as like me prostituting in the streets, as far as like [00:36:00] me having to, you know, um, defend myself at times where guys, um, noticed that I was a trans or, you know, I hid from guys that I was trans at times and, um, you know, got physical, you know.
I've been shot three times. I had got cut right here. I've been cut with a saw. I got cut a lot of times and, Um, like guys jumped me, um, from, you know, me fighting with my friends who were getting jumped by, attacked by guys. Um, a lot of different incidents that happened and, you know. Prostituting came with, it came with the prostitution as far as like being in the streets with them guys every night, all night.
Being out at late times of the night. Jumping in, um, random guys cars that I don't know. Going out of town meeting random guys. It just came with a lot of, [00:37:00] it just came with a lot. Like I said, it, It's me going down the wrong road. I actually made that road for myself because I chose to go down it. Thinking that, you know, I can be comfortable in my skin just by being who I wanted to be.
Um, I thought I had to go down a certain route. I followed after a lot of trends that was already into lifestyle, living the way they were living. I kind of followed down that road by my cousin being homeless. And, you know, me picking up, um, doing with the things he was doing as trying to make it, as he was trying to make it.
And so I can't even fault him for me going down them roads. I kind of fault myself for even, I knew better. I knew better and you know if I would have just took a toll and took my transition slowly for it like not jumping out But I can't say yes or no to that because you know It was what it was and if that's what [00:38:00] it took for me to be comfortable for who I am And my mistakes that I made To be who I am today.
I'm proud of that. I learned from my mistakes. I learned, well I'm learning from my mistakes still to this day. I'm learning because I'm not a perfect person. So sometimes I do, if I don't have no money, I do get thoughts of, you know, let me get a client or let me get co prostitute for a couple bucks. Or if I need, that's just my natural instinct.
As of now, that's just my natural instinct. So I'm trying to break out of the habit as I speak. You know what I'm saying? I still struggle with. You know, well, I, I, I didn't want to overwhelm myself, first of all, as far as like, you know, me stop using. I had to just be focused on one thing at a time. As far as like my drug use, my drug use was the most important thing because I got addicted to things that I know, didn't know was so dangerous.
And as far as like them putting the things that they're putting into drugs today that's killing people. And I, was [00:39:00] out there in the mix doing the drugs that they was tampering with with other drugs and you know Me seeing a couple of my friends pass away over, you know fitting on things of that nature.
I was scared It was putting in everything So I'm like I really need to get myself together or you know that one Mistake I make could cause me my life and you know, I'm starting to love myself today. I love myself today. As far as like, even I want to go out, feed the homeless, you know, you know, tell, like make a way for people or even find a program that can help people when you know, that's not trans, not only for trans and can just help people like speak.
Maybe speaking. I don't know what it would take for people to come along, but you know if I can encourage you because that all that's all it took for my judge to notice with me to put me to guide me in the right direction. So maybe if I can use this from because [00:40:00] I'm on the streets with it for like being out.
Um, in different neighborhoods, you know, speaking or even going downtown or being seen and it's like I can't bottle and hide it if I can help somebody else from just letting them know what I experienced or, you know, it's just, it gets deep. Um, I used to be depressed talking about it, but I'm more so happy now that I can realize and I can see the facts And I I remember memories of me out there, you know I remember the struggle and it's like, you know, it feels good to kind of um To um to get to it feels good to um Feel better about myself for it's like me getting myself together.
It feels amazing to like get clean and You know, not having a prostitute not having to do this It feels good and it's decent that you know, [00:41:00] they make programs for transgender women because I wasn't really open to knowing these things if my cousin didn't take me around the community and you know, I think it should be reached out more to like More, I see like trans, I see more and more today of it being out, like you know the trans flag getting lift and you know, things I, I experience, you know, in the Morris home that I'm just still seeing and you know, hopefully I can be one of them people that can speak to people and let them know or go in a group or a rehab or something and speak to people because I like to let people know that if there's a will, there's a way.
If there's a will, there's a way. If you're willing to get yourself together, you can make a way for yourself and a better life. Cause, like I said, the, I went down the wrong roads and they took me under. And like I [00:42:00] said, as of today, I want to better myself and I'm going to keep striving and moving forward.
If that's what's making me love myself more, be into myself more, I'm not going to just give up. And I love who I am today. It 
Emily: sounds like you've, you've both gone through a lot and grown a lot from the things that have happened in your life, um, and that the sense of community is, is really important to you.
So I, I want to go back to what you were talking about with, with your cousin kind of introducing you to gay clubs and this culture that you, you hadn't really had a chance maybe to express or, or see yet. Um, how did, how did that feel? What, what was kind of going through your mind at that time? 
Cashae: Well, when I first was introduced.
It was like a new world of people. It was just like, you know, people and comfortable in their skin and not ashamed of their self. It just felt like a way to get away, like a way to get away and be who [00:43:00] I wanted to be. And I kind of say that was one of the best parts of my life when me coming out and.
Venturing and knowing that it's okay to be around, well, to be who I am. It's more people that's out here doing the things that I'm trying to do. And it was just so amazing to me that, you know, I didn't even know that that existed. Like, you know, like a bunch of gay people. Or trans people when everybody's just being who they are and you know Even if it missed the fights or whatever the case would be would be at the club It was like it was okay for me.
It was like, you know, i'm comfortable i'm home And I kind of wanted more of it I wanted to have more and more of it in my life for it's like, you know I wanted to be deeper into it. It was like, you know, [00:44:00] I want to get it I wanted to join like a house. I wanted to be a family with them and Um, I wanted to get into the balls, I wanted to get into, you know, it was just more people that was like me.
It was like, you know, um, what I do regret was, you know, following in the footsteps of the, um, the prostitution and the, um, not knowing that was the lifestyle that came with the, um, the way they were living, the people, the, the prouder people that I chose to, um, be with. To be around for us, like, you know, meeting them in the clubs, meeting them.
Of course, they was getting high in the clubs. They were, they were, like, doing things. And, you know, I kind of, like, followed their lead. And, you know, my cousin kind of led me because he knew more about the stuff than me. But, you know, Um, I see people that want, I see [00:45:00] other transgenders who kind of like, they experienced it, but they didn't, they didn't do the things that, the bad things for it, like the drugs, but they kind of had to, didn't have the options but to prostitute and, you know, I see other trans in that, um, that, that, that lifestyle, but like I said, I have no regrets of.
Introducing myself to the community and it brought me out of my shell. It made me feel comfortable. It made me feel wanted. It makes me feel like I'm, um, I'm not an alien. Like I'm not different. Um, um, we're, we're, I'm still human. Um, it kind of like showed me who I really was and like. What I wanted to be.
I could be myself and I can be in girl clothes. I can be, you know, I can be comfortable. I don't have to like, like somebody's watching me or, you know, it felt like I was [00:46:00] welcomed. And it was like, um, it was amazing. It's an amazing feeling from hiding it to, you know, just me and more people like me. It was just amazing.
It's, it's so much to put in words that the feeling of like actually doing it is so much to put in words, um, but it, it's decent. It was really decent. It was really decent. It was really decent and you know, I just encourage people and children that's coming up that's, you know, sheltered and um, Scared to do whatever they, um, what they heart desire for as like being who you want to be, being what you want to be.
Like, I embrace it. Like, I don't care if you want to be a dog. Like, I embrace what you, if you like it, I love it for yourself. You know what I'm saying? Cause, it can take a toll on your [00:47:00] life. It can take you to, it can take you to places where you don't deserve to be. If you bottle it up and hold it in. And, you know what I'm saying, I kind of made a disaster of the situation where it was like, you know, um, I kind of thought it was like, um, cause, um, I felt gay was like a sin, um, by my family and, um, um, by my family actually like pushing me away and, you know, my mom being in church, I started thinking like I was committing a sin cause of all the bad things that was happening to me until, you know, God answered my prayers.
And he started answering my prayers when I started coming along and, you know, I started receiving good blessings and, you know, my cousin, I want to get back on my cousin. He today of the lifestyle he's living, he went back to school. He, um, he, um, graduated from, um, um, for nursing assistants or something and [00:48:00] he's working.
He live in Atlanta now, but, um, he got his own place. Is to see him come up out of it was just a good feeling for me. Just to know how, where he came from and him being pushed away from the whole family. And, you know what I'm saying, him not having sisters and brothers to, you know, help him along the way.
And, you know, it was, I, I, I care for him. I, I, I, I encourage him to, you know, keep up the good work. Like, so he kind of showed me another path the way that he didn't have to live like that. So, um, that's what, um, that's really basically kind of my story, as far as like, you know, for the trans community, me coming up and coming out, um, it's not a hurtful feeling.
As far as like, you know, me thinking like, um, I don't know if there's already [00:49:00] out there, but as far as like, you know, that don't. Involve drinking and doing drugs, they need to open up like more centers and more things where, you know, game rooms for trans or, you know, game room for trans, young trans, I'm going to say young trans coming up far as like, you know, the trans community that's coming up far as like game rooms, arcades for trans or, you know, somewhere that they can just go feel and be comfortable for their, for with them amongst just Trans or other gays.
You know what I'm saying, as far as like... More stuff for kids because at a young age I was already something that I didn't even know I was going to become. And, you know, I want the kids to be more, it's more accepted today. It's more accepted today from when I first came, started coming out. Today is more acceptance and I see younger, it's like they're coming out younger and younger.
So, you know, I kind of embrace my young trans coming up, my young gays coming up. You know, [00:50:00] because I don't want them to go down the road that I was. Just by meeting the wrong crowd or hanging with the wrong people or, you know, whatever their situation is, like, you know, be who you are. Don't let somebody make you try to be who something you're not.
Cause it was like, you know, I hate it. I hate it when my dad was like. Try to go shopping for us and buy me boy clothes, you know, and trying to be smart that, you know what I'm saying, buy me a boy jacket in the wintertime, cause I know, like, come on, I'm a girl now, you know that I'm a girl, he, he always, I can't, I can't say that he, Disowned me because he always provided for me as far as like, you know, as far as like food and anything Um, I can't say too much of a place to stay but his door was open at times where you know I was homeless in different situations.
I can't say I think he was just um, I don't know what it was about him But he just didn't like gay people and Like for me being his only son. I think he's [00:51:00] I think that I'm not gonna blame him Because he, I, I, I couldn't be the boy that he wanted me to be, but I, um, he kind of put his pride to the side, and looked at it from my point of view, and like, okay, this person, I can't live, I can't live for him, I gotta live for me, I gotta live for who I am, I can't be who my dad wants me to be, and, um, it took him a minute to come up out of it, but, you know, I kinda, I got, um, um, a good, I'm going to say grief, it was good grief over him accepting me before he passed.
And, you know, me, you know, being able to grant his wish of him not know, well he didn't know I was on hormones, but by me not transitioning completely far as like getting, um, my implants and things. That's stuff that I'm working on now that's, um, I can do [00:52:00] now and, you know, I didn't want to like. Like, cause I kinda like, was a family, I'm a, I am a family person as far as like, I go to my family for everything.
Even to this day, like, they accept me, they love me, you know. Um, some of them struggle with my pronouns, far as like she and her, they struggle, um, some of them still call me by my, I'm going to say my dad name, um, some people they struggle with that, but you know, they come along, they coming along with it, they're, I'm comfortable around them now and I don't got to worry about them, you know, except unless we have an argument or something, they're calling me, um, um, fag or whatever the case may be, but.
That's really rare. Um, that rarely happens. Um, but you know, um, I learned a lot. I learned a lot about myself or it's like, you know, being who I wanted to be standing up for myself. Um, [00:53:00] not walking with my head down. Um, you know, like being comfortable going into, um, um, markets and everywhere where it's heterosexual people and being comfortable with myself.
You know, not calling too much attention and actually being honest with guys that I'm trans or, you know, coming out from a guy trying to talk to me and not hot in it or, you know, not hot myself no more, like, you know, accepting myself. I'm accepting myself. As far as like, I'm, well. Um, thinking about other people accepting me, I'm accepting myself today.
So, you know, I'm not trying to hide and be something that I'm not. You know what I mean? I'm a transgender woman and I'm happy, I'm comfortable in my skin today and, you know, I'm not scared to announce that I'm not single. I'm not scared of it, cause it's like, you know, like I said, it's something [00:54:00] that I was into that I didn't even know what it was.
I didn't even know what a trans person was. I didn't know what gay was. I didn't know nothing. I came out wearing heels, walking, weren't, weren't, I wasn't into female things more than male things. And like, I didn't understand it at first cause it was like, am I weird or am I gay? Whatever that word is. It's like, you know.
And so I was like, oh, you know, so I got the message. Okay, was the definition. I'm like, okay And I struggle with it. Like am I I've been called it so long. So am I this but you know I went and beat myself up over it because once I actually held it in of me actually seeing that I was attracted to guys My the therapist kind of like threw me off of my square He kind of like threw me off of my square because he didn't let me come out myself and as far as like You know, me saying it to my therapist, my family completely believed something.
They believed him. They did [00:55:00] not believe that I did not say that. And as feminine as I was and with the things I was doing and the things with my cousin, I, what that happened with my cousins and the family. My family did not believe me. And saying that I didn't as much as I was trying to lie and say I didn't say it.
So like, um, it feels great. As I grew older to actually be able to be comfortable with going around my family and You know, my cousin's giving me clothes that they don't wear no more. My girl cousin's giving me wigs or buying me wigs. And, you know, my aunt giving me purses. And, you know, it's just, it feels good to be accepted in that kind of way.
And, you know, you know, they wanting to go out with me and things of that nature. And it's just, um, it's decent. It's really decent. I love the trans community. I love the trans community. Just to even know how I am. I came about [00:56:00] just how it happened and you know, I don't, I don't think parents should judge the kid from a young age because they can scar them at an early age for as like, you know, of who they're probably, probably want to be anyway or whatever they wanted to be anyway.
So it kind of like scarred me. And, you know, from school, it kind of made me shy away from other kids because it was like, I don't want them to say I'm gay or, you know, so I became like a loner, like playing with myself and play with, um, dials and things and hide into it and, you know, do hair and, you know, my sisters kind of really made me comfortable as far as like, people like, do my hair.
Can you braid my hair? And, you know how to braid, can you braid my hair? Because they didn't even know how to braid and it was like, fun. And it was like, Okay, I'll do it. And then I was like, well, can you bring me out of the zoo? And, you know, it just got comfortable with it. So my dad was like, oh, so you're doing here.
[00:57:00] I haven't, I've been doing here. So like, you know, it was ups and it was downs. It was ups and it was downs. And now, like I say, I'm comfortable today from all the stuff that I've been through with, um, fighting with my transitioning and, you know, um. You know, fighting with the um, sexually transmitted disease that I caught, um, I just came a long way with it.
It just, it, I, I love myself today. I just kind of beat myself up about it a lot when I was in my addiction. And you know, it just was like, I was very depressed. Um, I'm, I'm out of that depressed stage. Um, I currently do take medications for my depression and my anxiety. Um. So, you know, it helps. It helps me, it helps me cope with myself and, you know, um, I'm still learning.
I have a lot more to learn and it's like, you know, [00:58:00] as more as I focus on myself and stay clean, I'm willing to learn more. So, you know, it's not the end for me.
Emily: So you talked a little bit about the importance of having trans community, um, Especially in your own life. I'm wondering aside from your cousin who kind of introduced you to a lot of this world Um, who are some other people who've been really important in in your life? Well 
Cashae: Cause I, it was like, I was thinking like, you know, my mom is very important in my life right now.
She's older and, you know, she did eventually come home from jail. Um, so, my mom and my sisters and a lot of the girls that I was prostituting with. I'm really, really close with a lot of them, because we kind of grew as like sisters, as far as like, you know, us being out with each other every night and having each other back.
And you know, I'm um, first and [00:59:00] foremost, I want to say God. I got closer to my, my God because I, he helped me figure out as far as like praying to him. And he helped me, he helped me on being humble and taking things slow. On my self, on my self behalf, but as far as like, I gotta say, I gotta give it to my mom, and my um, trans sisters that was out there, I gotta give it to them, cause they kinda kept my head above water, they kinda kept my head above water when I was down and depressed about my family being, how they was against me, and how people pushed me away, you know, my trans girls stuck with me, and you know, as much as we fuss and we fight, We are close.
We're close and I met a lot of trans girls throughout in them streets and I gotta say they, they, they kind of paved the way for me because they, a lot of them I'm like girl, how did you go through [01:00:00] that? How did you survive that? How did you, how do you still maintain it? How are you still laughing? How are you still like, you know saying and of different stories I heard and You know, it kind of helped me.
It kind of helped me get by. It kind of made me like, okay, come on, we can do this. So, and, slowly but surely, like, even to the point where they tried to guide me in, you know, other places that accept trans. As far as like, I heard of like, you know, the Attic. Um, the Attic, um, the William Way Center, the, um, Morris Home, you know, I kinda heard of like, different things from the other trans girls who was like, reaching out to these people and, you know.
Um, I kind of didn't take a lot of steps. I probably went to maybe like one time to want each place. I went like one time with different people, um, trans girls who were like, come here with me real quick, or, you know, take, come in here with me. They're in here, they're having [01:01:00] a ving session here. Let's go here.
And it was like, okay, I'll go. And then it was like, you know, I kind of like, um, I was a little bashful and a little shy to like, Um, actually come out to the trans community, like, first, like, I wasn't scared to say who I was or where I was, but it was like, I found them nervous, you know, just being introduced to, like, being around them.
Um, so I got comfortable, of course. Um, yeah, I would say I'm closest with, um, my mom and my trans girls. I'm starting to build a relationship with the Morris Home and my therapist, too, because I kind of, like, vent to them. I kind of, like, vent to them. And that's, it seems like it's pushing me further and strengthening me more to let it out, to release it, and even to call my family and, you know, actually get deep with them in what I was going through.
And they kind of [01:02:00] be like, well, why didn't you been tell us what you was going through or how you feeling about certain things because we went and approached you in certain ways that we were. And I was like, you know, I kind of like was holding stuff in for that was a kid since I was like this young, so I didn't feel comfortable around talking and I didn't need y'all to sew it up in my face after I tell y'all.
So it was like, you know, it was different, but. It feels good. I'm good today. 
Emily: Yeah, um, so this is a little bit of a different direction, I guess. Um, but you, you talked a lot about your experience with sex work, um, and kind of navigating your, your trans identity in that space. Could you maybe talk a little bit more about that experience and, and kind of what it was like to kind of navigate how much about yourself you're, you're gonna disclose?
Cashae: Um, well, navigating through the sex [01:03:00] work, um, part of it, um, I, it, it paid the way for me. It got me by. At the point of my life that, you know, I needed the most, I think my cousin was more so trying to put me deep with making money and it was like, you know, if you ever get a time where you can't make money and you know, he wasn't doing it the right way, the But, you know, that's where I think I contracted my disease from prostituting.
That's what kind of like ruined me from prostitution like kind of like, oh, I need to stop this But at the time I was already addicted to the money and it was getting me by it was like making my ends meet It was putting food on my table. It was you know, it was there for me at the time when I needed to the most.
And like, you know, that was my go to. Like, oh, this is my way of living. This is a way I don't have to pay this guy for this room. This is a way I can get this fast money to make this happen. This is the way I can get [01:04:00] this hotel room because it's freezing cold outside. Um. And I gotta keep up with the hotel, so I have to pay, keep making money, keep having to go out there.
So it, it became a, um, a repeating cycle at that time and it was getting me by for a very long time throughout my transitioning and you know, I wasn't being kicked out of my trans, as far as like, you know, being, being kicked out of my family house for being trans. Being disguised like, oh, you gotta leave at a certain time, my family's coming, um, over.
Or, you know, it wasn't. I was able to be who I wanted to be at that time, who I wanted to be as a trans woman. I could be a trans woman and, you know, I could still make my rounds and I could still be comfortable in my skin. I could be comfortable with myself. I can go, you know, I'm making it. I'm getting by.
You know, it was getting me by at that time in my life. As far as like me being in the game with prostitution and, you know, um. [01:05:00] Like I said, I didn't have no regrets of, regrets of it because at that point in my life it was, it was working for me, it was doing it for me, it got me where I'm at today, where in life.
And, um. Yeah, I basically kind of touched on a lot of the notes of it, but as far as like, me, with the disease wise, it kind of took me under, because it was like, uh, why was I doing it? And, you know, I beat myself up over it so hard that, to the point where I didn't want to be here about it. It was like, you know, it let me down.
Um, it was like, um, a bad pattern, like for me learning a prostitution, getting it down pack and you know, my mom getting locked up in me using it as a living, uh, living escape. Um. It was kind of like, it was kind of like another drug for me. It was kind of like addicted to another drug. It was like, that's the only thing I knew.
It was like, you know, I had a job. I was already trans. I [01:06:00] didn't feel comfortable. I wasn't being accepted to a lot of places. It was just like, I was turned down a lot. It was just like, um, here's my go to. It was like, this is what it is right now. This is how I gotta do this. And, you know, luckily there is programs out here like The Morse Home and different programs that I probably don't know about, but, um, different programs that help transgender women who, you know, Um, people that I've been to, you know, to help transgenders find, find a way out of the lifestyle they're living.
Even for that moment in time that they're in the Morse home, even if they don't make it to the end of the graduation of the Morse home, you know, just the opening of the doors, just the acceptance is good for me. I guess,
Emily: um, I'm wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about Morrisholm and how long you've been here and what your experience here has been 
Cashae: like. Um, well I've been in the Morrisholm for, well I'm gonna start by, I've been introduced from the Morrisholm [01:07:00] from a few of my close, um, transgender girlfriends.
Um, a while back when I was prostituting and sleeping on the streets, they was like, you know, um, this is where they go to, to, you know, recover, to get their selves together. And, um, I, at this time, I kind of distanced myself from a lot of trans girls that I didn't know because I wasn't a lot of, a lot of trans girls didn't accept me as a trans, didn't think I was the most up hearted cause they was longer in their transitioning than me.
And, I was like, kind of like nervous to go around other trans girls. And, um, A group living in here, living, living amongst a bunch of trans girls. So I kind of never came here, never went to it. So like I said, um, my judge referred me to a case manager who knew about the Morse Home and had, um, information on what they offered [01:08:00] and, um, how welcoming they are to trans women.
I took it up for an option at this point in my life because I was tired. I was tired of living out on the streets. It was winter time. I didn't want to go back straight out to drugs. Um, it kept making me get a warrant for my arrest, for my probation. Um, so I came, I came, I took it up for an offer with the case manager and my judge.
Um, when I got, um, came here and when I say it was the best thing I've ever did in my life for myself. Um, as far as like, me being out there on drugs and taking that time out clean to get clean and, you know, focus on my trans and gets, they help me with my surgeries, they help me with a lot of things and point me in the right direction for other escapes that when I'm outside of the Morris home to uh, Other resources that help, help with [01:09:00] trans women.
Um, they kind of, they kind of brought me back to my senses as far as like loving myself. Like I said before, as far as, like Marston taught me a lot about myself. As far as like, you know, my anger issues. Dealing with other, me being able to deal with other things. And me being able to take stuff from other transgender women who are having a hard time.
And notice that they are going through things. And, you know, they're not, everything is not as bad as it seems. Um, how you really don't have to prostitute for a living. You know what I'm saying, as far as like making a living for yourself. You know, there is people out here who care. Who probably, some, most of the people who work here are probably, you know, gay or trans.
And... Um, that been through, like, down that road, and it showed me, like, if they can get up and work for what they, what they want, and there's places that, that do hire trans women, and [01:10:00] it's just like, you know, and to give me my own space with my own room, um, me able to distance myself when it's time or I'm going through something, be able to go and lock my room door singly, like, not.
Bunking us all up together, or as far as like a celly in jail. Like, you know, cause they have a PC where the trans go in jail. And, um, Morse Home really helped me out. It helped me out. It kinda like, I'm, I'm, like I'm worth it. Like, I'm, like there's people out here who are like going through the same issues.
And, like, it's not the end for you. And, they kinda like, you know, they housed me. I got my own place now. Um, they're working on getting my check cut on. I have a sur I'm waiting on a surgery date for my breasts. Um, you know, so I'm very excited. They made me feel I feel the love. I feel the love from the community.
And, you know, point me [01:11:00] to like times like, you know, throughout the year or the month. Where, you know, there's have, they're having things for trans or, you know, different resources like the William Way. I never knew about the William Way Center. I never knew about, um, Um, a couple other places that you know, accept trans and all trans and it's like, it's decent that you know, I can run away to a place if I have, if I feel cornered that I can go to where it's like, you know, I'm accepted.
I don't worry about nothing. You know what I'm saying? Um, I can't, I can't, I don't got to be on these streets. I don't have to, you know, get in this guy, date this guy to get this hotel room for a car. It's like, it's like, I mean for, um, cause it's cold. Um. It's, it's, it was definitely um, it's a wake up call.
Amore's Home is a wake up call. You can actually organize your situation, get a clear head. You can focus on yourself. You can, um, you know, they know a lot of [01:12:00] different resources for you. They like, you know, anger management, school, um, different things you want to get back into doing. You know, you know. I can focus on my hobbies, you know, they do help us with things that we need as far as like, you know, I like to do hair, so they get me a mannequin head, a wig, you know, the things that I need to do it, they help me out with my, um, hobbies, they kind of make me focus on myself, you know, and it's a lot of structure, I needed discipline, it's a lot of, um, Self discipline, as far as like, me not having, um, me having to come in at a certain time, me having a certain amount of time out, you know, just to get to know boundaries, like, you know, even coping skills I learned to do, like, as far as like, being around other trans women and coping in reality without being angry, or you know, upset, or bashful, or whatever the case [01:13:00] may be.
But, that's the more so more for me a lot. A lot of ways out, out where, you know, I can reach out to my community. And, you know, they can probably lead me or guide me or direct me in the right way. Or, you know, I'm struggling with this, you know, help me out. And, I can't say nothing bad about it. I cannot, I don't stand to say nothing bad about every way that we turn.
Um, That's definitely been good to me. 
Emily: You mentioned that you're waiting on a surgery date. Um, if this is something that you feel comfortable talking about, just a little bit more of what your experience has been with healthcare, um, either generally or specifically in the context of gender 
Cashae: affirming surgery.
Okay. Well, I transferred my, um... Um, I had health partners. They wasn't really more acceptance for like surgeries and stuff, more than, like, I wanted to do Keystone because for, um, [01:14:00] I knew that Obama, before Obama left campaign, he, um, Help the transgenders get, like, surgeries and things before he left, so, you know, it opened the way for me to really do the things that I wanted to do.
Cause it was like, I was more so prostituting for, like, um, just to get boobs or get surgery done or, you know, stuff like that. Um, as far as like, you know, I took a minute on... You know, if this is what I want to do, like, I don't want to jump into something and not want to do it anymore, and so I kind of took my time with it and, you know, I sat with it and, uh, more that I got into myself, I started loving myself again.
It's like, I want these things, this is what I dream of, this is what I want. And I know, you know, I'm going to talk to my therapist, like, see if this is really what I want, or, you know, talk to that doctor of what this can cause and what are the issues that come with it, and, you know, [01:15:00] So, you know, I talk to my other trans women, I'm like, which I had, or, you know, what, What did you do wrong?
And as far as like the street wise, I don't want to go to people that's doing it illegally on the streets. As far as like, you know, pumping the girls up with silicone on the street and, you know, they hit a vein or artery or, you know, the stuff gets, it leaks and goes somewhere it's not supposed to be in your body and, you know, I've known girls who passed away from it.
So it was kind of scary for me to want surgery and things of that nature. You know, I came to the conclusions what surgeries that, you know, I, I look online of what surgeries are safe for me and what, what hormones, um, can, uh, lead to certain stuff or, you know, um, far as like, you know, Different things. As far as my insurance and being accepted with my insurance.
Accepting the surgeries that I want. Um, it's been good. Um, I'm waiting on the feedback from the, um, insurance now. So, I had my breast, [01:16:00] um, I have a hard time saying it. Um, breast cosmetation, consultation. Um. I just had it and things went well with the doctor, said everything was fine. Um, they're just gonna wait for my Keystone, um, insurance to accept the, um, the, um, what the rest, the, the augmentation.
And, you know, I got my paperwork from my doctor saying that, you know, I'm ready. I have my report from my therapist saying my, um, letter. So, you know, I'm just, this is my first step in. of a surgery, so I'm very excited. I'm kind of nervous on the same, the same note, but I'm excited. 
Emily: Um,
so this is also a little bit of a, a different direction, but um, and correct me if I, if I misheard you earlier, um, Um, but you mentioned how your mom's incarceration was really impactful and I believe that you mentioned you also had some [01:17:00] encounters with law enforcement. Um, if you feel comfortable sharing a little bit more 
Cashae: about that.
Um, well, okay, yes, I'm comfortable with it. Um, well, with my mom issue, she had made a decision that You know, I believe if she would have thought twice of a guy she would, I'm not going to say it. Um, so I'm comfortable with that to help people. Um, so my mom made a decision. She just had a, well I'm going to start off, she just had a newborn baby at this time.
And my little brother had got into something where he was out too late and on the wrong block that he wasn't supposed to be on. And a boy was calling him feminine too. And, called him a faggot and was talking about me, his brother, well your brother's a faggot and his dad's the third and he hit my little brother.
And my mom got into it with him and the mom, came around the corner, my little brother came around the corner crying and the boy was older and you know, my mom made a decision that she called her [01:18:00] boyfriend cause the lady boyfriend got in her face with her baby in her hand and, um. She called her boyfriend and told him and he reacted and the guy got murdered.
Um, so my mom just said, you know, she wouldn't tell on her boyfriend and tell who he was that she got incarcerated for conspiracy to commit murder for 15 years. So she got a 15, a legal sentence, 15 to 30. And my mom has eight kids and, um. Um, we was living in, um, public housing section 8 and, you know, once they found out, it went down to my sister.
She was the oldest, closer to 18 at the time and she, um, she made a decision that I thought she could have thought twice on and thought that my little brother wasn't, um, Um, supposed to be around the corner at that time of night, and you know, he wasn't even supposed to be out that late, as [01:19:00] far as like, you know, him not getting in trouble for being out and her reacting to some childish things that was going on with a little child that was older than him.
You know her, as being an adult, she should have thought about things and how far things could have went, and she didn't think twice about her kids, and it kind of like, um, made It made me dislike her. I'm not going to say hate her for a while because we started struggling with the newborn baby and, you know, my brothers and sisters and the housing.
Um, we wasn't used to that stuff. So, it kind of, we started struggling with it. So, you know, I became very hard headed. So, you know, um, people who were older than me trying to tell me what to do and, you know, my aunts and my uncles and it be, as I got closer to the, So as I got more into the streets, it became like authority.
I can't be a authority period telling me what to do. And, you [01:20:00] know, um, it started by me prostituting and, um, the cops coming up on me for as like, you know, us out there telling us to move off the corner and stuff like that. And, you know, me getting smart with them or, you know, me wanting my money and still trying to be out there.
And he was like, I'll give you a chance to be out here. Um. So, it became a very, um, a very, a thing with authority to me. And, you know, I thought that cops were bad guys. And they were just out to arrest people. And, you know, I never thought of the bigger picture of the crime that I was committing. Or, you know, the, what I was doing on the, um, Soliciting or whatever I was doing.
And you know, far as like me being in school zones and I didn't really think of that nature of it far as like, you know, as I got older, really got into detail with it. Um, so it took me a few times to get incarcerated that [01:21:00] I knew that, you know, it was saving me at times from the streets. Far as like I look at it, it's like, you know, it saved me and made sure that I had a place to go and.
A place to go, a place to get myself together. You know, it wasn't like all bad. It was just, you know, confinement. Um, so a certain amount of time out on a block or whatever. You go to your cell when, you know, it's a lot of, it was a lot of structure. It was a lot of, um, discipline there. And... Um, at the time I didn't understand.
I wanted to just be free and do what I was doing and I didn't know how it was saving me at times from like, you know, having to be out in the cold or, you know, having to, um, make money and get something to eat when, you know,
Um, you know, for a short period of time or a long period of time, however, a time you got. Um, [01:22:00] I started looking at it as it like, started kind of like, saving me a little bit from things that was happening. Cause I would be in jail and I would hear like, oh such and such happened to somebody. Or, you know, somebody got hurt.
Somebody got killed. Or, you know, things like that. So I was like, you know, as I got older I started thinking like, okay, maybe this is kind of saving me. Or, you know, I would come home clean. I would come home healthy. I would gain weight in jail. You know, my skin complexion would come back, you know. Um, so I started thinking that it was like a saving point, a time where I needed a break from the streets and that's kind of how I dealt with it as far as like jail.
So me having the same back judge for a very long time and me, um, by me getting reinstated with her or her reinstating my probation, I had her probably over five years now, just this one because I completed the other ones. Um, Me having her, she kind of grew [01:23:00] on me for us, like, you know, knowing what was best for me and knowing the charges that I would get incarcerated for.
She started noticing, like, oh, you're a transgender woman, that you're out here, you're really trying to just make a living, and you're into drugs, and which I don't condone. Um, you know, I'm more, she's more worried about my safety than anything. As I got older and talking to her a few times in court, you know, Kind of got, she kind of got to know me and you know, but this last go around I kind of like expressed myself to her I was like, you know as far as you sending me straight out to the streets You keep sending me straight out.
You worrying about why I don't keep getting locked up and not reporting, you know I have a drug problem, you know, I might have a dirty yawn So I know if I go to probation I'm having a dirty yawn Like I'm trying to focus on my drugs You did let me go to drug treatment But the drug treatment you was It's taking me to, I was going in and getting high right outside of the drug treatment after I was done.
So, you know, I got, once I expressed and I was tired [01:24:00] of using drugs and I was, you know, wanting help. I wanted some type of, if she had the answers that I needed, then why not express to this lady what I'm really going through. And I kind of vented to her, and she kind of, um, hooked me up with, um, a worker, and Once I expressed to a worker who, you know, was familiar with the trans community and, you know, different resources, she kind of reached out to me like, I think this would be good for you.
And, you know, and Not only good that you go there, but good for you financially after you, after you leave the program. They make sure you're stable and you're fine. And I couldn't let that offer down. Like, if you want better, you say you're screaming out for help. Why wouldn't I want better for myself? So far, it's like with authority, I'm learning to deal with them in a different note.
As far as like, you know, everything is bad because I [01:25:00] needed some discipline. I needed to be disciplined and you know, I wasn't listening to nobody and I'm too old for my mom to tell me what to do anymore and you know, I needed some, some type of structure in my life where it directed me the right way and you know, from me.
Being naive and, um, not looking at the bigger picture of my safety and other things and just wilding out as a transgender woman trying to make it on them streets and, you know, other trans that's getting hurt repeatedly on these streets for doing what I was doing and for somebody who actually cares to lock me up to, cause they know I'm a little, probably a little safer there than what I was out there doing cause I can't get myself together from them.
Watching me, monitoring me throughout the years. And, you know, I kind of came to my senses with it. Like, okay, you need this. This is something you need. Just like you feel like you need gel every now and then. Or you're too [01:26:00] tired and you get locked up. And then you feel better about yourself when you come home.
But you don't got nowhere to go and a place to turn. So you back at the same stuff. So, you know, I learned to deal with, um, authority.
Emily: You might have hinted at this a little bit earlier in our conversation, but how do you feel like, um, being trans shaped your experience while you were in jail? If you feel like it did. 
Cashae: Um, well, Well, from the attention from the guys, of course, Uh, by me being trans. And, you know, before that, before I, um, started taking protective custody for trans, where they put, you may see transgender if you tell them that you don't feel safe.
Um,
uh, it was ups and it was downs. First, with it because I, um,
A lot of the staffs in jail, well a lot of the COs in jail were misgendering me. And, you know, I would get [01:27:00] into it with them for misgendering me. Or, you know, they would dislike me because I had a smart mouth because they always misgender me. Or, you know, I got into it, I corrected people of my gender first.
Me being on population like, um. I'm trans. I'm a trans woman. I prefer a female. I go by cache. They call me by my male name. Or the COs call you by your male name. It might kind of be like discussion or like, oh my god, you get embarrassed. Um, if they call you over a loudspeaker by your, knowing that you're trans.
And it just feels like, you know, or you getting as sully as a, um, um, I'm a heterosexual guy and he is, uh, he don't, cause I'm trans, he's trans, he's Muslim or something and don't like transgenders. So, I started looking for my safety first, like me getting into a couple fights over, you know, my, me being trans and then jail.
So, my girlfriends were, I'd run into my girlfriends through the hallways every now and then and you know, they told me, [01:28:00] why do you keep taking, why won't you just take PC where you're a little safer and it's way more trans and you know, there's guys, if you still want to talk to the guys that come on, um, trans and you can get your hormones and stuff here too.
And I was like, um, so one day, you know, one of my good friends who she's here today coming up to me to go on PC and, um. Prosecutive custody, um, it's a little more safer even though they, um, they do house some of the population guys that's not trans on PC for prosecutive custody for their case or whatever the case may be or they're getting beat up or they're not fighters or whatever the case may be.
Um, um, the only thing that I do have an issue with is the being, um, The misgendering, the misgendering really gets to me. Um, and far as us, you know, [01:29:00] half of us, you know, we can't be in a female jail unless we have the full surgery or, you know, um, So they did make it a little safe. They moved us to the female jail and it's over.
is a bigger block as far as like, um, that and you know my issue with another issue that I dealt with with that was you know there's a lot of people that's trans is locked up for stuff from them defending their self for trans being trans and you know getting incarcerated for defending their self out there and they're looked at
so they're looking at their self oh um they're looking at their self as You know, they're not being, um, recognized for, like, defending themselves or, you know, um, when courts come up, you know, you know, there's nobody to speak up for them. As far as them speaking as, as far as the judge looking down on us as being criminals or whatever the case may be, you know, as far as us [01:30:00] as transgender women, we don't have the fact that, okay, yeah, we prostitute, we just had to, we had to beat this client up or we had to hurt this client because he was trying to hurt me or whatever the case may be.
Um, we're not really hurt and, um, it's kind of like give us probation or give us a little jail time or whatever we need and that's that. And, you know, instead of listening out and reaching out and getting a full, um, a full, um, recognition of what was going on, the bigger picture of what's going on, I think it should be noticed with transgender women, as far as like, okay, why did you get into this incident, how it is, because it was a couple of incidents where, you know, I defend myself and had to beat the crap out of guys, and, you know, I got locked up for it because they pressed charges, and it was their word against mine.
And, um, I'm like, well, and it was an altercation that I'm on probation for now that happened with, you know, the police and, um, where the police was misgendering [01:31:00] me. And it was an altercation where a guy got pulled over. I was with a date and he was drinking, driving, and he got pulled over. Mind you, I did have a warrant for my arrest.
I'm not going to lie. Um, I had a warrant for my for not reporting to the probation and the cop. He misgendered me. He, he noticed that I was trans and he was deliberately misgendering me and they were laughing and joking and calling me faggots and gay stuff because I was getting smart with them and I was like not giving them my ID until they respect me.
And, um, so the guy, I was like, you know, I don't want a guy to search me. I'm a transgender woman, and I didn't want to, so he saw himself getting out, snatching me out the car, gripping me up, and he snatched my wig off, and I got really upset. And I kind of like, I couldn't, I didn't hit them, but I was like pushing them off of me and restraining, resisting, I was resisting [01:32:00] arrest.
And um. It got real big where the whole district had to come out and you know, once three cops testify against you on the stand, you're the bad guy. And I explained to my judge, and you know, I'm on probation for it now, and I can't speak upon it. Like, you know, they said you could re open it up. I mean, what do you call that?
When you, um, appeal, um, I could have appealed it, but how far would I got with three police with no, um, lawyer and nobody to speak up for me in jail. So it was like, you know, I got to take this on the chin and, um, I just, you know, I think it just should be heard that transgenders, when it comes down to a transgender woman, I think it should be someone who automatically steps in through the community to help a transgender person throughout their case.
For us, like, even if it's, uh, a public defender or, you [01:33:00] know, somebody... through the trans community needs to come out and see what's really going on. Cause I think they would look more deeper into the transgender story or what the case may be. Yeah. No, I'm not saying we all are right at times. Cause you know, I know transgender test scheme and that's still in like, you know, I admit what I do, but you know, I explained to my judge what I do too.
I explained that her to her that I don't have no family support. I have nowhere to go. This is my way of living. You know, I'm not out here killing nobody, committing no crimes, I will fight in my own defense. You know what I'm saying, as me being trans and gay bashed before, you know, I kind of like, um, that ruffles my feathers.
Or if I see somebody hurting another trans woman while I'm out there prostituting, I'm going to defend her. You know, stuff like that. So, you know, I definitely would like different outreaches for, like, um, the trans girls who's incarcerated or, you know, someone to come to the jails and know [01:34:00] that the transgender women are being taken care of.
As women, far as like we receive, we're able to have combs, we're able to have hair products that we need. We are able to, if whatever's on the female commissary, be able to get what's on the female commissary if we want it as transgender woman. Far as like having magic shave, 'cause you know, they deny you a razor sometimes and you know, it could just be very disco discovering, I mean, whatever word, but it can be discouraging.
Like it could. Yeah, cause the way we're treated in jail, as far as like, you know, our meekness as being women, transgender women can, can take a toll on the girls and you know, far as us wanting to deal with female, um, COs, then male COs having to deal with us is like, should be a topic. And you know, one time, um, I spoke up on, it [01:35:00] was, um, it was, um, the mayor.
The mayor had came to the, the um, jail to talk to the transgender women and you know it was a time where, you know, I was like, we weren't allowed to get the hormone shots, we were only allowed to get the pills, but When the mayor came, they grabbed the trans men from the female jail and the trans women from the male jail and they had us all in the same room.
And the male, I was like, how can they give the males the testosterone shots at the female jail and we can't get the shots at the female jail if that's what we take on the streets? It went by they start giving us the female shots and it was like, you know just to be heard I think it should be because it happens Every so often they come talk to the transgender women.
Um, and I think it should be discussed throughout the week. It 'cause things [01:36:00] happen throughout days instead of like a a six month period or a year period of time, things happen. It needs to be like, maybe a person needs to go up for transgender throughout the week, like maybe once a week. We come and talk to the transgender woman, make sure that y'all not being, um, gay bashed by smell seals or, you know, you're not being harassed by another inmate or, you know, you're not in a cell with somebody who's making you have sex with them.
You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of stuff that I go through up there. I mean, have went through in jail. So, you know, it's different scenarios about, you know, I could speak a lot about as far as like the prison system and inside of it, but Another thing with authority, when it comes down to the men that don't condone transgender women working as COs, working with a transgender woman, I think they should have a choice if they don't want to work with the transgenders.
If they're not comfortable around [01:37:00] transgenders, it should be a choice. It shouldn't be that y'all put on this block because y'all um, y'all um, boss said y'all had to come work on this block today. And if, no, it should be, you should get one of the females, or something who, you know, or have, you shouldn't have a male who don't want to work on our block, on our block, to not let us out on time, to not let us get showers at times, to, you know, it's a lot.
That comes with it, um, prison system. 
Emily: That sounds really difficult. Um, I, I guess I'm wondering then, Both, like, inside of the prison system, but outside, what are the kind of things that you're thinking about in terms of your everyday 
Cashae: safety? As far as, like, outside, coming home from jail? Okay. Um, for us coming home from jail, you know, I think, um, Like I said, before a transgender [01:38:00] woman should get discharged, She should know that Someone should come talk, or the lawyer should be able to, the public defender or whatever, whoever, um, handles dealing with their case or, you know, discharging them should know, cause they have packets for, um, that they give out for us, like, you know, condoms and, um, different Um, shelters if you need a shelter to go to but I don't really see nothing for trans as far as like, you know You're a transgender woman.
They have the Morse home You can step into or you know, give out reach out some Morse home Or you know, you can go do some surveys for a couple dollars at this one If you don't have you know, you can go um, go get tested. You can go give blood you can go You know, it should be like Just, just something to guide them in the right direction, as far as like, you know, or...
Yeah, just be pretty much that, just to guide them in the [01:39:00] right direction as far as like a packet of them being trans or, you know, the trans, the trans reach out just for trans, just strictly trans if they're trans, um, if they identify as gay or trans, it should be opportunities where, you know, it should be a, just a list of all gays or all gay facilities or gay.
Opportunities to reach out to them or, you know, um, They kind of, as far as like services, as far as like, you know, a person having like HIV in jail and it's not discreet enough for, it's not, as far as like the HIPAA law being out, it's not very discreet for, um, Like, it's not hard to, when you prescribe your medication, when they come give out medication to the block, and, you know, people know when your service is [01:40:00] because, you know, they like, you didn't take your medicine this day, or they're yelling it, it's not respected.
And as far as, you know, them having people who come to talk to people who have sexually transmitted diseases and they know that that's the sex transmitted disease person instead of having a different person come up, um, they'll have the same one come to the block and be like, okay, we know what you're here for.
And you know what I'm saying? Uh, it's just like, you know, I think that should be noticed or, you know, it shouldn't be seen. You should have a whole nother room. If that's the case, if that's the only worker there, you should have a whole other room. Or, you know, you shouldn't be transported with people who are going to medical for a different reason and you're going down there for something else serious than that other person and she knows you go in that room and they come back to the block and expose your whole services.
That's what I think is really important. Yeah.
Emily: I guess I'm, I'm [01:41:00] wondering... So it sounds like some of those experiences are fairly recent. Is that, is that correct? Oh yes, definitely. Yeah. Um, how would you say that your experience being trans has changed, you know, over the course of your life? Um, well... Or what in the world, I guess I should say, has changed?
Okay, well, 
Cashae: it kind of made me comfortable with who I am. As far as me having the experiences that I went through, it made me stronger. It made me deal with society differently. It made me look at the world differently and two different perspectives that is a good and it's not that bad. Um, it kind of like, um, As far as, like, me getting older and being trans, it kind of made me really want to restart focusing on my transitioning for real.
As far as, like, you know, taking it serious. Very serious. And... As me pulling it along and getting a comfortable place that I can call my own. [01:42:00] Me being able to, you know, reach out to the Morris home. Um, if I'm having struggles with my drug issues and directing me in the right places. As far as me having a case manager.
As far as me like, it builds my ego. It builds my ego. It builds my self esteem. It honestly builds my self esteem. As far as like knowing that there's... There's people out here that I can depend on to put me down the right road or, you know, I don't know what to do and it's not like, oh, I want to commit suicide because I'm not getting nowhere in life.
It's just definitely, it's definitely a good feeling and, you know, I learned a lot from my experiences being out there as far as like, you know, me contracting sexually transmitted diseases, me getting incarcerated, me not being able to do the things that I had to do to provide for myself as far as like, you know, meals and, you know, um, me having to sell my food stamps just to get by, just to have a couple dollars in my pocket, [01:43:00] you know, not having nothing to eat because I just sold my food stamps.
Emily: Um, so I guess maybe, um, a little bit more, or maybe a better way to phrase the question that I guess I'm trying to get at is, um, do you feel like in the, the broader society that, that Trans identities are more accepted now. Do you, do you see a difference maybe from when 
Cashae: you were younger? Yes, I definitely see a difference from like, you know, from the younger, from, I'm going to say from the younger people and catching the train and being out in public, being in certain neighborhoods where, you know, it was, I was like, I had to defend myself before or dealt with a group of guys who were like, um, very, homophobic and did not, um, accept me and having to walk by them.
And, you know, from the older guys who back in their day, it wasn't accepted at all. Um. [01:44:00] Them having family members that's coming up as gay and trans. Them reckoning, it's more, I think it's becoming more of a trend. More of a, of, more gay people are coming out the closet earlier ages. And, you know, it's being accepted in families now that, you know, the generations.
Generation after generation, as far as like, you know, from when I came up, it was like, you know, I had to fight in school, you know, as far as like, you know, I had to, um, you know, I had, I had to leave early, skip my last period of class to leave early because I know these group of guys are going to be outside at this time, you know, it's definitely way more accepted as far as like, you know, even me being as a transgender woman and, you know, um, The younger community respecting me, calling me by my female name and calling me, uh, her being able to use public bathrooms as the female restroom and, you know, having a, um, not go in the [01:45:00] bathroom with men.
Um, you know, it's, it's, it's definitely, definitely way more accepted now.
Emily: So this is going to be one of my last questions. Um, but you, you mentioned earlier that Morris Home helped you get access to, um, a mannequin to do hair. You talk a lot about, about doing hair as something that's really important to you. Um, Is that something that you, you spend a lot of time doing? Can you maybe talk a little bit more 
Cashae: about why it's important to you?
Yes, as me growing, when I was growing up and getting into my trans, I always played with doll babies, so I kind of like got obsessed with hair. And, um, and throughout my life, you know, I missed out on a lot of it as far as like me being out on the streets and me having to just, you know, other than having a few clients doing hair, um, that I meet out there, they're like, oh, you did your own hair, and I'm like, yeah, um, so.
You know, it wasn't a job that I wanted to do at first. I didn't want to work [01:46:00] as a hair salon at first. And, you know, I did drop out of school. So it was like, you know, I needed my GED. So when Empire came along and I heard about Empire, I kind of like got hype about it. And I was, I wanted to learn how to do a little more things that they were showing on, you know, the screens of Empire.
And, um, it kind of made me want to get back into my old. self, like slowly but surely or even doing different styles that I didn't know I can do. And, you know, coming to the Morse home and getting back into it and being clean and being able to focus on my hobbies because I never interested. I love animals.
So I always wanted to be a veterinarian growing up and So, you know, the Moore's Home, they, they help. Now, I didn't go do it yet, but they're helping me, you know, get into, um, you know, volunteering at an animal shelter cause I have done it before, so, you know, um. By me not finishing school, I couldn't [01:47:00] go to Empire.
So it's like, you know, the Morse code helped me like get my courage back to start even getting into my GED so I can focus on my goals. And, you know, that was, that was one of my goals growing up as a kid for us, like wanting to play in here and do here. Like, you know, and my family's kind of hyped me up to do cosmetology school and stuff like that and go back to school.
So, you know. The Moore's home noticed by me braiding the girls hair, my other members hair, by braiding their hair up. And me constantly worrying about bugging them with our wigs that I wanted and hair that I wanted. They see that my interest was in hair and They kind of like, um, they kind of like put forward like for Christmas.
They got me, um, a lot of hair, different things, like, um, different curling irons, crimps, different stuff. You know, they kind of, um, they do support me with, you know, you know, if I want to It's a human hair, or synthetic hair, cause I'm so attracted to it. They [01:48:00] really look out for, like, for us, like, us kinda say, like, for the guys, the trans men here, they look out for the male stuff that they wanna do, um, for us, like, um, anything that girls are more interested in, like a girl was interested in art, they put her in art school, they pay for her supplies, you know, they definitely help out for us, like, you know, getting you back on track of, you know.
Things you like to do for yourself, you know, as far as like, you know, my group, one of my good, the members here, Sabrina, I'm sorry to say her name, but that's a good friend of mine. And she's into doing poetry. You know, she just did a show at the William Way, um, that they helped her get, go to there and perform her show.
And it was just a great experience with that and it feels so good just to watch her like enjoy doing her thing. thing with, um, with her poet stuff and the Morse home supporting her [01:49:00] for it's like, you know, everyone shows up, you know, the staff members that's not supposed to be at work shows and, you know, they really support you.
Yeah. 
Emily: That's awesome. Um, so I think my, I guess, last question is if you want people to kind of take away one thing from this conversation, um, Or hear one thing from, from you. What would that 
Cashae: be? Um, follow your dreams and to know that it's it's, it's, it's not the end. And don't give up. Just don't give up.
Don't give up. If there's, like I said, my mom always said, if there's a will there's a way, and whatever won't kill you make you stronger. You can come out of whatever you're going through and just, you know, pull it together. Pull it together. And don't be scared to ask for help. Mm hmm.

