---
# text transcript for Interview with K. Silem Mohammad
---

Nat: Hello, my name is Nat DiFrank and I will be in a conversation with Keon Winston for the Trans Oral History Project in collaboration with the Feminist, Queer, and Transgender Research Center, William Way LGBT Center, and the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts at the University of Pennsylvania.
This is an oral history project centered on the experience of trans and gender non conforming people. It is March 8th, 2023, and this is being recorded at the Trans Resource Center at William Way LGBT Center. Alright, so let's start off Keon with what was your life like when you grew up in 
Keon: Philadelphia?
Uh, I grew up in um, the late 80s and early 90s and uh, uh, mid 90s I'm sorry. And so, um, and doing so, um, you know, uh, I just always felt like, um, Um, I always was never really comfortable with who I was, you know, and I knew since the age of five that I was attracted to the same sex. And so, um, you know, having to keep that disclosed in a secret, you know, in those times, it still wasn't acceptable, you know, so, you know, keeping it from my mom, your friends, you, you in school and, and, and the kids, you know, cause I'm what they call a tomboy or whatever it is, Oh, you're a dyke or you're, you know, and it was, it was a little disheartening at times, you know.
And, um, by the time I was about 12, I discovered this world down Center City, which is now known as the Gable Hood. Um, and, uh, it, I just felt like I, this is, I knew this is where I belong. This is where I was the most comfortable was I ever been in my life, you know? And, uh, back in that time, man, you know, listen, that was the era.
To be, you know, um, even that, you know, the eras before, of course, but like the mid 90s when it was at its height, you know, you had clubs like the Nile, you had Stars, you had the Toy Chess, you had the famous, um, libations for the lesbians, you know, um, you had Woody's, which is still here, Key West, Uncles, uh, yeah, Sisters, you had, uh, I mean, uh, the Skyline, 14, 15, I'm talking about these clubs You can go in these clubs and it was like whether you had your cliques, because everybody has their cliques, you know, but everybody had a good time.
It didn't matter black, white, you know, uh, trans, female, you had a good time. And uh, especially summers, because it was, it would be like, um, you go downtown on 13th street in the summertime and we would stay out there all night. We would come out, you know, um. Like after hours and we would stay out there till the sun come up and after the sun came up we would go to This place where they it's still here, but they moved it, but the original Midtown Diner Oh has so many if those walls could talk if those walls could talk So, you know and we would stay there because we still didn't want to leave But you know the people are coming to see the skylines and skyscrapers and you know coming to do their their everyday job But the briefcases and stuff so it's like okay We don't want to But we have to you know, they have it today and we have it at night and that's how it was You had so many things going on A lot of the lesbian women would you would know?
Who they were because it wasn't too many people that were out and about like that again. It still wasn't okay It wasn't still socially acceptable at the time But again, we ran in like clicks and we knew and a lot of us would you know If we play ball then nine times out of ten our girlfriends was coming to cheer us on And we would be at McGonagall Hall.
And this is the old McGonagall Hall, back in 94, 95. And, you know, and we used to call it McGonagay Hall. You know what I mean? For sure. Because we would be in here, it would just be a whole bunch of lesbians and shit. And everybody, you know, would, you know, get along and play ball. And, you know, afterwards we would go to McDonald's or, you know, go hang out a little bit more.
And we would stay in our little, you know, our little cliques. Like that, um, to be a part of that time, to be a part of that time, I wouldn't trade that in for nothing. So in the scene, I go by the name Reds. Everybody calls me Reds, and I got this name. I had a friend, um, her name was, uh, Lua Kim. She was from Baltimore.
And, uh, she was one of the, uh, the vogue, uh, uh, girls of her time. And she was good even though she was underground. You know, she wasn't one of those people that was with the it clicks, but she, she knew how to poke. She, she was good at her craft. And, um... She was from Baltimore and, uh, we were, uh, back then experimenting smoking weed and, uh, she said, you know, and they calling you Keon and that's cool, but it's, and these are her words and she said, but that's like Eddie Bauer, like a preppy boy.
You're like a, you're like a Benji Street boy. So we got to think of another name. And by the time we finished smoking Aretha, cause that's what we called it back then, right? By the time we finished doing that, I would, I was turning like salmon, you know, just thinking and my anxiety and it just, ah, and she said, that's it.
Lower rates and it stayed with me ever since. So anybody that knows me in the community that somebody or the predecessors, that's what they're going to call me as, you know, as I got older, now that I'm 40, you know, I try to, you know, uh, take on, you know, more, you know, but when you, when it come to this thing, I'm always going to be raised.
And so, uh, in 97. I had ran away from home and, um, and running away from home, I stayed away for like six months. And in that six months, the beginning of that year of 97, I cut my hair in a laughing, joking, playing way. And I, and I did. And once the barber cut it off, it was no turning back. Let me tell you something funny about the situation.
I got this gay, big, lesbian woman who cut my hair at the time, right? And it didn't look right, right? Like, she hacksaw Jim Duggan me, right? And I was like, yo, this not looking right. And she was like, just brush it to the back. And, you know, later on I learned that's the, that's the big pikey loser way. Like, nobody brushes their, no guys brush their hair to the back.
You know, but, and um, and uh, after that I never went back to her. But I never, my hair never grew back again. And that was the new identity of who I became, who I am. And um, I went out one day, it was a place called Fever. Where it was a dance club and it would be for straight people. And on the weekends sometimes, they were, uh, the gay community would rent it for mini balls.
In the ballroom scene. And um, I went there and uh, I said I'm gonna walk. Fuck it. And I walked this night, 1997. I'll never forget my first mini ball and I won. 
Nat: The first walk?
Keon: The first time. No lie. The first time and for three weeks. 
Nat: What category? 
Keon: I walked pretty boy and realness. Ah. For the first time and I won both categories.
Nat: You would be pretty boy. 
Keon: I mean at the time we had, uh, one of the, and I'm going to say his name, um, one of the people that, you know, I give props when it's due. And at that time one of the reigning guys for, uh, Butch Face was, uh, Brock. Uh, at the time Brock, Brock Karran and um, he was in the house of Karran and um, you know, he was, he was right in there and I, I had heard about him before I even got to the scene, you know, girls, Oh Brock is nice looking, he's, you know, and so when I walked up against him and I won, it was like, Oh shit, you know what I mean?
And um, and one of the other guys I walked realness against that night, his name was Kareem Revlon. He was a Revlon at the time and uh, I walked up against him and I won. And so, the, the commentator who is one of the people that's known in ballroom for years, his name is Iverny and he used to have the House of Prestige back in the day, and um, he, he said, you know, I want to speak to you after the ball, and I'm like, okay, I don't know what the fuck he want to talk about, all this is new to me.
And, um, before he can finish commentating that mini ball that night, facilitating it, uh, man at the time, father of the Philadelphia chapter, um, Ebony, who is now man, the founding father of the House of Prodigy, snatched me up just like that. Now, in ballroom at that time, and, and before you, when you get into a house, you know, you have to be voted in, you know?
I didn't get voted in. He told me I was in and that was it. So, uh, it was another butch at the house, in the house at the time. He didn't like that too much. You know what I mean? And, um, he wasn't, you know, he wasn't as effective. He did things more behind the scene, you know, like panel stuff. And, you know, cause he was on the board members with the house, but as far as hitting the runway, the floor, he, I was the one that was winning for us in our Philadelphia chapter.
And they would just push me out there and push me out there. And listen, people won't, you know, it's crazy because like two of my highlight balls, um, it would be a Cartier ball 97 and a 97, uh, Caron ball. But, you know, I, I believe that it was the 97 Caron ball. Um, at the time it was a, a, a butch queen, what they call it, uh, and a walking face.
And at that, in that era, it was Kareem Cartier. Who was named Gracie. Gracie and um, You know, uh, she uh, She was writing then. And um, we had won about 20 something trophies that night. Our house alone. No bullshit. I bullshit you not, right? And um, my house father at the last minute they was doing a category as a house.
So they needed one runway, one face, one realness. And one Vogue, I believe. And I just happened to be walking by and my father grabbed me and he said, you're going, you're going to walk face. And I'm like, I guess Kareem Cartier, the crazy thing is, believe it or fucking not. And I wish I could find this tape and whoever hears this, please, if you find this tape, make it public.
I want. I'm talking about this person is sitting people down, New York, Baltimore. I mean, anybody that came into Philly for that category, she was sitting them down. You know what I mean? Because she, she, now I respect our pronouns, but that night for that night, I think that that was the highlight of my whole career, to be honest, in the ballroom scene.
And, um, it was just, you know, it was amazing. We would have the Greek out here. And like, you know, Broad Street and everything would be shut down. And when the, when the cis people would come in our area and they would think that, Oh, uh, you know, they're the gays and we can just fuck around. And they would, they would get a, they would campaign for their ass whooping and they got elected.
Trust me, it didn't go well for them. It did not go well for them. And so like, they knew. Like, we would stand, like, don't, don't fuck with them, no they cool, let them be, let them be over there happy, you know, and, and they wouldn't, you know what I mean, we demanded respect and we, we would stick together around those times, you know what I mean, like you couldn't just come in our community and just, you know what I mean, just like, you know, because we went through so much and had to be, we were so in the dark ages, You know, and still, you know, in the dark, so it's like, you know, you and I, we down here and something that we're establishing and you're not going to come fuck us over and take this from us, you know, and, and, and I love that about us.
You know what I mean? Um, ballroom at that time, though, you know, when you were in a house, right, and, and, and my category was realness and face, and if I was to walk and I wasn't prepared, right, and I didn't go over this with my house members, if my house member was on a panel, they could chop. They will chop you.
Get the fuck off the runway because you're embarrassing the house. Yeah, that's, that's the era I come from. Now it's right, it's political. It's all politics. It's all, if you're my girlfriend, uh, I fuck with you. You the homie, I'ma give you the 10. You know what I mean? Even if we know. Damn, well, you don't deserve it.
You know what I mean? That's ballroom now. And to be honest with you, I've never watched not one episode of Legendary or one episode of Pose. And when it became, like, popular now to society and people are like, Oh my God, did you watch Legendary and Pose? And it's like, when you live that shit. You know, and then you watch how now we were shunned for so long and now, you know, society, you know, the showbiz want to make money and market, you know, and, and, and profit off of the shit.
And it's like, you know, the people that was like the martyrs for it, you know, that's not here or help pave the way, you know what I mean? And it's just like, and of sense and system, you know, I'm a little stuck with things, but I find it to be a little kind of this. Respectful in a sense, you know, the people that, that's, you know, that do it, I take my hat off to them, have fun with it.
Hey, okay. I get it. But like, you know, I just want a little bit more, I want to see a little bit more done. You know what I mean? Then you just, uh, making it popular and, you know, profit and off of it. You know what I mean? People really pay with their lives. Literally. You know, when you talk about, you come from, you know, Paris is burning to post the legendary.
It's a huge way, you know what I mean? Far in between how many people lost their lives. You know, because when you see the people in Paris and Bern, Bern, excuse me. They're really telling you like their life. It's not scripted. It's not edited. It's, you know, we sit here. We, we shack up maybe in, in rooms. I've watched people sleep on floors and, because their family didn't accept.
Like my family didn't accept. You know, so it was like we became family even if we didn't want to. Yeah, you understand what I'm saying? And so you had the girls Meaning the trans women a lot of them had no other way or means to survive besides prostitution Society wasn't giving them a job. You know what I mean?
They wasn't even acknowledged them as people at the time, you know, and still to this day somewhat don't and then on top of that should be black So you're black, you're gay, you're trans, it's just too many eggs and so that's what they're like. So you would walk down these streets and it would be called the stroll.
And they would be out there making their money, you know what I mean, in the midst of everything that's going on, you know, and go right back around the corner on 13th street and cut up and then go back and turn a trick, you know, off Chestnut street, you know, whatever. And that's what they, they, they call it the original stroll.
Was that and that's where the name comes from and that's what they did, you know, and, and again, you know, you have some people that, that, that was their ways and means to eat, to eat. So when you try to now, some of the girls that's deep rooted in it and had passed it down to generations and you try to take that from them, now they look at it like how the average street guy look at selling drugs, the trap.
You understand? It's fast money, I know how to do it. You know, it's like, you know, that's, you know, now is they have other options, but it's like, I could put an ad in the paper, you understand what I'm saying? And for a half hour, I could charge 125, 150 and, you know, for a full hour, 300, you know what I mean?
And, and do this repeatedly in a hotel room for two, three days, maybe a week. They, they call it now, when they go from state to state, they call it a tour. I'm about to go on tour, so if you ever hear one of the girls saying, I'm going on tour, that's what they mean. They going from state to state, posting ads and prostituting and making they coin as they say.
Have you engaged, 
ever engaged in like sex work or prostitution? 
No, I've never, I've, I've never by the grace of God had had to do that. Mm-hmm. Know. Um, I don't, I don't feel like. I'm exempt. Well, it couldn't have happened. You know what I mean? At one time or another. I'll tell you a true story. So back when, um, at that time, at the height of, you know, everything was going on.
Me, Lil Kim, there was a girl named Sabrina, Nick, they're all deceased. And their boyfriends, me and the boyfriends used to run together. There's this guy in his truck, this older white guy. And he's cruising. And cruising, you know what cruising means. And he's cruising and so, he uh, propositioned. And, uh, and the guy that, you know, the cis guy, you know, he's like, all right, cool.
He's like, I'll give, I can give both of y'all oral sex and I'll give y'all 50 a piece. So the guy like, yeah, so I'm like, all right, I'll jump right along cause he wanted me too, but you know. And, uh, he wanted me more. He wanted me first. It was really me he wanted. And, um, I'm like trying to do everything to avoid this man of, you know, I don't have no penis for myself.
You know what I mean? I'm just being honest. We went as being carved. We went from, uh, 13th and locusts. We ended up at 13th and spring garden. I had to jump out the car out the truck. Really? I jumped, jumped out the truck because it was just like, it was like, Oh, let Ronald go first, you know? And he's like, nah, I want you to come up here in the front seat.
And then I, you know, him afterwards. And it was just like, I never ended up getting the money. He did have a. Nice pair of Oakley's, I believe, glasses back then. I, I got away with those, but yeah, I mean, I shouldn't have been playing with my life like that. I knew I ain't had no dick to give him from the door, you know what I mean?
So I shouldn't have got in that man's truck, like come on, you know, so, uh, like situations like that, like, um, I am grateful for, but I've been in a struggle with, with a couple of my trans friends and all of that. You know what I mean? It was the time we lived in a house off of 7th and Tioga with, um. No, uh, no running water.
We had electric and that was it. It was no kitchen. It was just like one and a half rooms. And it got to the point where, you know, we were going to the bathroom in the tub, you know, because yeah, because you know, my mother couldn't accept my lifestyle as such a such and this and we all ended up in the same place and we lived in that pretty much a van though for like six, seven months.
I'm living like that, you know what I mean? Animalistically, you know, but that's where when you feel that this is who you are and you don't know no other way, you know what I mean? And what you want to do, you get survival mode kicks in. I know for me, you know, you know, that they say that, uh, flight or fight, you know what I mean?
So it is, I don't know. I think that that's, what's a part of making me who I am today as far as like having tough skin, you know, when somebody would say, You know, coming up, oh fuck you, you dyke ass bitch, you wanna be a man, I'mma treat you like a man. And I, I think that I got numb to it cause I heard it so much.
And when my mother called me one, I don't think nobody else in the world could say that it would affect me the same. Yeah. You know, this is the person that birthed me. I came from her cord, her billow cord. So for her to say, fuck you, you know, I remember being sick one time and you know, and um, we wasn't seeing eye to eye.
And uh, the first thing she said to me was. Do you have AIDS? I'll never forget it, and I was just looking at her and you know because people were so ignorant even in the even in the Mid late 90s. It was still like, you know, yeah, you know what I mean? Like, you know, I remember you and I having that talk about the monkey pox how they just blamed it on us gay people tend to have it more like You know, just blame it on us, huh?
It's always like that. And so, her ignorance to it, that was the first thing she went to the drawer to. Not, you have a cold, do you have the flu? You know, you have AIDS. And it was very disheartening. So, growing up, I was incarcerated at the height of my ballroom. scene. Uh, 98, I got locked up, uh, February 3rd.
And, um, I spent pretty much all my juvenile years in, uh, in and out of juvie. Well, in juvie. And I came home. They, it was so bad because in the state of PA, they didn't have a place for female. Um, people that were locked up, juveniles that got locked up. And in that year, in 1998, we had got a governor. His name was Tom Ridge, I'll never forget.
And he signed a bill that said if you do adult crime, you will do adult time. So when the first time I've ever been incarcerated, they took me to State Road to the adult jail. And I stayed over there for like seven and a half, eight months. 
Nat: How old were you? 
Keon: Uh, I was 14. 
Nat: 14? 
Keon: Mhmm. This is a true story. You look it up.
And so, you know, until my public defender, her name was Michelle Mason. I'll never forget. And she got me adjudicated. But here under these circumstances, I'm 14 years old. I don't know the system. This is my first time being locked up. Um, my mom is not really supportive. And so they say, Well, look, you plead guilty.
We'll get you adjudicated and you'll go. But I didn't know at 14 that I was pleading guilty to my first felony. Oh, and then you have But and the thing about it was I never even had a gun. I was locked up on the scene. I never had a gun. I was locked up at the crime scene. They were charging with possession.
They charged me with armed robbery. Armed robbery? With, wow. Yep, with a gun. I 
mean, it doesn't surprise 
me. So, yeah, you know, uh, how that go. How the system is. Yeah, so it was like, okay, we're here. We're Gary, we'll give you somewhat of freedom if we can fuck up the rest of your life. And so, I didn't know no better.
And, of course, I signed because I wanted to get out of here. And I pretty much signed my juvenile life away, too. Uh, they sent me to this program down in St. Marcus, Texas. And, um, my therapist was white. And, uh, she told me, she put me on mail restriction, phone restriction. Uh, for nine months because my girlfriend at the time sent me a valentine's day card that I sent to my husband and she told me I had an identity crisis.
Her name is Brandi Reeves, I'll never forget her, never forget her. I couldn't talk to my family, I couldn't get no mail, no nothing. And here I am in San Marcos, Texas and I'm just down here, you know. I was supposed to stay for six to nine months. I ended up being there until I was a month literally shy of turning 18 because PA wouldn't pay for me no more.
Now, I don't know if you watch and like the news and stuff where they just did This thing like maybe in the past five years about these juvenile places and how they was treating the juveniles It was on like Dateline. Okay, I was in that and and caught up in that rap shit around those times And so what they would do, I still have marks and to be honest with you the trauma that I Endured And this is the honest to God truth, right?
You know I always keep it real with you. For two years I would have dreams about that place. Or more so nightmares. They would um, hold you down. And they would uh, shoot you a howl dog. Honest to God truth. It got to the point where I wanted the howl dog. Cause I just didn't want to be. I didn't want to feel.
I wanted to, I'm all the way down here in Texas. You know what I mean? These motherfuckers is telling me I have an identity crisis. You know, and they just, you know, and nobody's doing anything, you know, and they will put you in this padded room with just a mat and a cold ass floor and lock the door. It was called seclusion.
And you could be in there for two hours at a time. They will let you out for maybe 10, 15 minutes and lock the door back because, you know, whatever the state, however that worked, I don't know. That was beyond me, but yeah. And that's what they would do. And uh, you, you, when I would come out, you couldn't come out your room, you had to be on hourly needs.
I don't give a fuck if you got to use the bathroom, it ain't your need time. You know what I mean? And, you know, I would get in trouble because, I had to have my hands behind my back at all time in diamond formation. And if I did, because I'm from Philly, I come from a place where I talk with my hands, right?
It's just natural. And if I would, to do that, it was a form of aggression and it would take you to the rug. I still have rug burdens on, on some of my knees, on my knees in some spots, should I say, from... Yeah, being took down to the to the carpet and yeah And like they will fuck you up and who you gonna tell because you had all of these people You know, all of these girls was from different states.
I was in there with a girl from Hawaii with a girl from Chicago they had mainly Chicago and Philly in there. So it was like this rival thing You know what I mean that we will go back and forth But uh, yeah, so I end up being there and then I come back to Philadelphia, and 2000 is another ball you can look up.
Excuse 
me.
Nat: How old were you when you started 
ball?
Keon: I was 13 years old. 
Nat: You were 13? 
Wait, so did you win those awards when you were 13? 
Keon: Yes. And my mom still has the trophies. She has them in her carrier. It's funny, because I didn't even graduate high school. It was the only trophies she do have. A couple basketball trophies and ball trophies.
No lie. When I go in the house... 13, yes. I was 13 years old. Wow. I was getting into libations at 13, you know, because I was always mature for my age. So they never threw it to, you know, card me. The funny thing about it is when I, when I became old enough, that's when they started asking for ID, you know, but it was under a different management.
I'm like, well, the wasn't, they asked me for ID. It was, it was, yeah, I didn't understand, but that's a true story. And so. When I came home, the father of the House of Ebony, the overall father, his name is Dre. He said, I had gained some weight, and he said, I don't think you got it no more. And my best friend at the time, God rest his soul, I don't want to get emotional, his name was Lord Mike.
Lord Mike used to walk Face over 30 and Models Magazine Face. He was just an awesome person. One of those people that was one of those casualties. And um, Mike said, because we were in a house meeting. You, you, when you're in a house, you meet, you know, a couple times a month. And y'all talk about what balls y'all gonna walk in, which y'all gonna do, and you know, and who's gonna do what.
And you pay dues and all of that, you know. And Mike raised his hand and, you know, cause I was destroyed, you know, I was fucked up when he said that. I had a big ego too, I'm not gonna lie at times, but it was just like, damn, you ain't got it no more. And then they had, they had replaced me with a couple other people.
One of them happened to be my rivals at the time when I was out. He wasn't, he wasn't in the, excuse me, he wasn't in the house. And after I left, they, you know, threw him in there to fill my spot. And, uh, Mike raised his hand and he said, excuse me, with all due respect, I love Mike for this guy. So he said, I walk down the street with this man every day and every day this man is giving off rumors and I've watched him pull multiple bitches and they never clocked his city.
That's just how he said it. And so when he said that, I still, even though he did that to make me feel better, but he was speaking facts too, don't get me wrong, but it still didn't feel good, you know? I was a little, a little crushed, so right down the street, they had a ball at the Doubletree Hotel in 2000, it's called the Crystal Ball.
And uh, at this time, people were not really taking hormones and stuff like that, not the trans men. The girls, of course, they, they take moans since the beginning of the time. But for us, you know, being a trans man in this community, we're still the underdogs, you know what I mean? Like, you know, society will, you know, they glamorize the girls more.
It's, you know what I mean? You know, I mean, I would say that, you know, before the hormones with us, you know, it was more socially acceptable. To be a lesbian, you know what I mean, a gay woman, you know, society can stomach that a little bit more, you know what I mean, as opposed to seeing two men kiss, you know what I mean, it's like, ah, well, most of them is homophobic, homophobic, and probably want parts, but, you know, you have to play your part for society, you know what I mean, and, um, so, you know, uh, this Ball 2000, the Crystal Ball Double G Hotel, and it was an event for you, you had the lights got turned out by somebody, somebody got sprayed with mace, Uh, yeah, it was, it was, yeah, but I, I, uh, at the time, Jay Blahnik, who was, used to be in the House of Ebony with me, he was my house brother.
He was commentating the ball, and, uh, when I hit the floor, he said, alright, it's motherfuckin Lil Rez Ebony, and I cut through, and he looked and I said, nah, I'm just Rez. I dropped the L I L, and I'm no longer at Ebony. I'm just walking independently. I sat down 29 people. All of these balls are on tape, on film.
So like, anybody want to question what I'm saying? 
Nat: I mean, I believe you. I'm not questioning. 
Keon: Not you. I'm saying for the people that will hear this, you know what I mean? Go do your research. Go pull it up. These things are available. You got a site on YouTube that's called Ball on Throwbacks. Please, you know, I would like to see myself, you know what I mean?
In some of these old footages to feel good, to make me feel youthful again. And um, Uh, I, I, I, I'm feeling myself and I'm just sitting him down left and right and I'm opening my shirt and he, you know, he hyped me up on a mic and, uh, right when he was about to close the category and, and give me my prize, this guy, I, I, I don't remember his name, but at the time he was in the house of Jordan.
And he was a dark skinned guy with a bald head and a full sword. And he got up there and he walked and it was, it was history. It was Kirkus and he got it and he won. After he watched me sit down, 29 people prior to him. You know what I mean? So, cause you couldn't tell me. I tasted the trophy. I knew it was mine.
You know what I mean? What was coming? Who ain't kidding about this? Yeah. And uh. The commentator said, I don't believe it. I need to take you in the bathroom after this and I need to see and make sure there ain't nothing down there. But now, what I'm saying is to say now hormones are becoming a thing for trans men.
So, like, I still, you know, I didn't start taking hormones until 2015. And the crazy thing about it is, you know, I'm not going to say this person ain't on the record. One of the people that we were talking about was the person that approved me for hormones. Yes, that was the person that approves the person yes that approved me to get it at the Missouli Center So I didn't for a long time.
I didn't I played with it because I struggled with drug addiction and also my family still living for them still like, you know, mentally intertwined with them and and and they will always tell me don't embarrass me and don't go on Jerry Springer because in my time Jerry Springer was a thing to do. I ain't talking about the Jerry Springer that you saw.
I'm talking about. The, the, the nineties where you got the Britney's and the Renee's and the Well, and then they're like fighting and it, and it wasn't as scripted, you know what I mean? It wasn't as scripted. You know, they're the reason why you on TV talk shows you, you can't wear your own clothes because one of 'em got in a fight and suit and so now they also make you sign a waiver and you have to.
Wear their clothes. That's why some of the people look corny on it is they get they got they wear the studio shit But that's why you know to me and so you had the people like like with all due respect I'm gonna put this out there too. Like, you know, Brittany. Um, Brittany, how you doing? That's where Wendy Williams got that from.
Wendy used to come around and watch the balls She was you know for lack of a better word of a fag hang and she liked to be around the scene and all that And she took some of the culture You know what I mean? But what I'm saying is, she never gave this person any props. You took their whole slogan and made it a whole big thing like it was a Trademarked it.
And like it was a Wendy Williams thing. And the whole time we used to laugh because how Brittany's voice was deep. And she How you doing? 
Nat: Wait, when you said Brooke, do you mean Brooke that I know? 
Keon: No. Okay. It's Brittany, she's no longer here, God rest her soul. She was on Jerry Springer. Okay. And that's the Brittany I'm talking about.
But the whole how you doing? That was her That's her slogan. That's not when the, and this is what I'll be talking about for the people that was in the underground world. You understand what I'm saying? That, you know, we looking at this shit like this shit is made up. This is not authentic. Or, you know what I mean?
Like I was there, you know, to be able to experience it. It's nothing like it now. It's not. You could go on a Nile and I just actually missed the Nile, right? You could go on the Nile and they, they were, you know, from 10 till 6 in the morning and they didn't serve drinks. And it was right here right now, right here on 13th 13th and Locust and now it's, uh, it's called, uh, Green Eggs.
It's a, it's a, it's a breakfast place. And it's just like to, to, to look at 13th street now, the pizza store, how it's, It's just so much different. You know what I mean? Like they just took so, they closed down the Skyline, one of the good clubs of its time, to make the convention center. That's where the convention center, it used to be a club.
The Skyline used to be there. 
Nat: Yeah, I mean, 
I, I've definitely heard also that, I've heard, I've heard briefly about Wendy Williams before from other people. Yeah, yeah. And, and that whole thing. But I'm also thinking like, Over the years, as the gayborhood got like, you know, legally labeled the gayborhood now, you know, like in a more gentrified way, I wonder, like, do you feel like you saw actually less like clubs and like spaces for gay people 
or do you feel like?
Keon: Absolutely. I mean, the ones that, that it was built on, those ones, you know what I mean? The ones that made it what it was. Cause 
Nat: I think even through the pandemic, I saw things online, like even With like gay bars, like lesbian bars, there's only like less than like 15, like I think 15, 10 in the country.
Yeah. Like the ones that were even, the like toasted walnut that was here for a minute was closed down. 
Yeah, yeah. Like 
there's really nothing. 
Keon: Yeah, you had like, um, back then you had the... You had, this is what I'm saying, people had options, whatever, whoever, whatever you were, you had options, you know. You could go to, uh, libations for the lesbians, you could go to sisters, you could go to the toy chest, and then you could go to the places with the mixed crowds, you know what I mean?
You could go to the Key West's, the Key West's was more for what they call the butch queens and, you know, the, you know, the other, you know what I mean, uh, and uh, you know, you know where I'm going. And, you know, uncles and, you know, it, it, it just, I feel like it's watered down. It's more, you know, like you said, it's gentrified, it's for the look, it's okay, we can come here, be gay and be social, and you know, but it's like, we talking about when you could come down there and sweat, and you know what I mean, and, and you had um, You know, you got your good DJs like back in the day.
Pauly Paul, like a good friend of mine. And, you know, and you hear the music and it's like as soon as you hear it. You know what I mean? It's, it's a feeling that you, it's the witch doctor. And you hear it. Uhhhhhhh. And you hear the, you know, the, the horns. It's like, you know, they about to fuck it up in here.
It's about to get real. You know what I mean? Or, or, you know, you hear Dindara, or you know what I mean, uh, or The High, you know, the girls about to get on the floor and they about to start voguing their ass off, you know what I mean, and it's, it's about to be good, you know what I mean, because you had, you know, those people that was about they craft at they time, you know what I mean, and it was more love though, you know what I mean, we battled, but it, it wasn't, it wasn't what it is now, like the shade capacity, you know what I mean, right?
It's like you, you upped the next person like, Oh, okay. You know what I mean? I see it for you. You know what I mean? And we, we, we helped each other. You know what I'm saying? It was just love. It was authentic. You know, now it's just like, who the fuck are these people? You know, and, and to see like a lot of the gays like, you know, I, I was, uh, while back, I was on a platform, uh, waiting for the train.
And to see, you know, listen, love is love, you know. But I see how society still have a problem with swallowing that pill because it's disheartening to see these newer generations The things that we work for just so freely that's given to them how they're not appreciative of it You understand what I'm saying and the fuck shit that they do, you know, and it'd be society those gays This is why you know, and it's like nah, we're We're not those people.
You know what I mean? We, we didn't, you know, some people will set us back, you know, heavy, you know, I, um, I'm one of them ones that some, I feel like. You know a little humor. If they add one more fucking letter to the LBGTQ plus X, Y, and Z, I'm giving my pass back. I don't even want it. I can't even keep up with it.
I don't know what to do with it. 
Nat: Well they can't 
even do anything for it. I mean everything, they add all the letters, but it still 
feels LGB. You know? 
Keon: The main, the main course, like the foundation of it. Yeah. And it's like, oh my god, it's like somebody was saying something and I was like, what? They added another letter?
And they're like, oh yeah. And I mean? Before you know it, we're going to have the whole alphabet on that mothafucka, and a letter going to stand for everything. But I think some things, I feel like, and some things are not broke, don't try to fix it. I have no problem with, you know, I'm the last person to about people pronouns, this or that.
But it's like, okay, so you got your pansexual, you got your cis, you got the, just let it be. Like, people will say, um, Happy born day. Just say happy fucking birthday or not. You know what I mean? Like, why are you changing it? Yeah Yeah, it's just too forceful. It's like you're doing too much. Happy born day.
You don't even sound authentic, but it's just like, okay Well, you know you're gay whatever you choose to be at the end of the day the ground the foundation of it is love And I would like to just see that more so in the community It's scary because you have a lot of people I was just in a program, you know Um, one of the girls came here and she just still has not yet to go to the doctor, you know, and won't.
And I was just talking to a friend of mine and I said, I just think that she knows the answer and she's not ready to address it. And I had to, you know, say to them because they're younger than me, you know, so they call me on and it's like, listen, this is 2023 it's not 1983. Go know your status, go get checked out.
It's not a death sentence no more. You know, that time, you know, back, you know, I'm from around the time when it was given out AZT. Yeah. And that was rough for people. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was like, damn, you know, because people will find out that they had HIV or whatever. And then six months later they will be going.
And so it was scary. It was kind of like how COVID first hit. You know what I mean? And then now you got COVID and so much science that happened in between for HIV AIDS that it's like, when COVID hit, it was like, shit, I might as well fuck around, take my chances with AIDS. At least I know where I live, you know, cause in the beginning, motherfuckers was just dying like that off the COVID.
Oh, shit! Such and such was caught because she did! You 
know? 
Nat: I definitely have seen, too, is like, people comparing the way the U. S. has treated COVID versus AIDS. It's like, immediately it was considered an epidemic. It was, we're finding vaccines, we're getting vaccines out. Where it's like, AIDS, I mean, they waited years and years before they, like, made statements openly about it.
And then it became... Still, so, like, even now, like, people, like, putting up ads for PrEP and PEP and things like that, like, they're taken down in a lot of places because they're seen as inappropriate. Like, I've heard about that in, um, like, train stations and stuff where advertisements have been. And, like, there's a lot less.
I mean, it's just like compared to now where I feel like with COVID, like vaccinations are more normalized, like it's constantly a conversation. I mean, a lot of people, like you're even talking about, like they'll go to doctors and the doctors won't be testing them for HIV. 
That happens a lot. You know, you, you, you, sometimes, or STD panels in general, 
Keon: I have, I have a test specifically be asked, can you, did you, would you got my blood anyway?
Can you run it for that too? You know what I mean? Like, so you taking it. I'm only checking for chlamydia and gonorrhea. What about fucking AIDS? That's the, you know what I mean? We can cure this shit if, you know, God forbid. Yeah, I mean, some antibiotics. But yeah, but I think that that's more political than that.
You know what, you know what goes along with that. You know what I mean? It's the political side of that. And when you, when you talking about a scientist putting that shit together. I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I do my research and my homework, you know what I mean? And that happened from a doctor in the Congo, you know, and he experimented.
He was supposed to go out there to find a cure for polio. And, you know, that's what he came up with. And he affected so many white people before he even left the Congo. You know, using it on them as test dummies. You got a 90 year old woman, why the fuck she gotta eat? She ain't been having sex for years now, you know what I mean?
So, you know, and that's just what it was and by the time it got back to the USA It was a gay disease then, you know what I mean? We just dismantled or just turned a blind eye to this man that put this shit together purposely, but for me, I know that things are always here to Always cure the population, you know what I mean?
There's no cure for nothing. I feel like there's a cure for everything except for death. And I do, you know, so you know this, we, we, we now Covid comes out and we just surpassed 8 billion people for years. In my lifetime, we've never passed 8 billion people. Just like somebody dies every day. Somebody's born every day too.
Yeah. So come on. You know what I mean? It's to keep the population steady, so you just have to be aware, but it is just disheartening for our community. More so because. You have the, the stereotypes of the, of the world that people can't be who they are, or still even with it being more acceptable now, people still are in the closet, and so it forces them to do things underground.
And when you talk about the underground world, anything underground, you know what I mean? It's not, um, it's not equipped right, like how it would be if it was in light. So you got these people that's messing around in the DL, and the people that's... It has no part or no decision in it. Unfortunately, a lot of them are suffering the consequences and it's very disheartening, you know what I mean?
When you got this man that's fighting demons within himself or his family or his boys or his brothers so he can never say, I'm attracted to trans women or I like, you know what I mean, the same sex. He dibbles and dabs and, you know what I mean? And then... It gets caught up, you know what I'm saying? And, and don't have the information because in his mind, I remember at one time, you know, somebody said, well, uh, I ain't getting fucked in the ass.
I was on a movie Precious. He ain't fucked me in the ass so I ain't got AIDS and it was just the ignorance behind it, you know what 
Nat: I mean, it's 
it's very prevalent. I've taught, like Sex Ed, even in, uh, Philadelphia schools, like in, around like 2019, 2020 and There, I get interrupted by teachers who would say things like, Oh, you can get it from a toilet seat, from, you know, like, All the stuff that 
is so far wrong.
Keon: And it's not the end, it's like, So you still, are you serious? Like, yeah, it's sad. It's sad. You know what I mean? Like, what? You know what I mean? Some, sometimes some taller seats are cleaner than some people's hands. Believe it or not. I'm so what I mean? As fucked up as it may sound. But it's just that we still live in those times where people want to be ignorant.
And close minded. And it's sad because like I said, people are paying for
it. So, 
what aspects of your identity do you feel like have really impacted and shaped your gender? Or in any way, or as 
any part. Well now I, I, I fully identify as male and it's so weird because like, it's, you know, when you go through a transition to this capacity, but you're still in your hometown, you know, I know a lot of transgender guys that left and started all over and I understand why, you know, you got some people that are still just want to test you.
Um, you got the guys that you grew up in the neighborhood that's just never gonna give you that respect because in a sense you're a threat to them too, you know what I mean? Um, especially when you're natural with it, it's not a hack because this is who you are, you know? And um, and then you got people that say, oh don't mind me, I didn't mean it.
It's like, listen, how fucking long do you want me to give you before you just adopt it and accept it? I feel like if this person wanted to be called Mary Had a Little Lamb, why do you give a fuck? How is it affecting you? You know what I mean? Like what they eat, don't make you shit, like let people be who they are, you know, and it's just fucked up, you know, and, and, and, and to me, a lot of the, the, the things that I had to go through to be who I am today played a part in a lot of decisions that I made that was not good.
Drug related wise, you know what I mean? Some criminal, uh, behaviors, you know what I mean? Kind of forced my hand because I grew up at a time where all the girls that was In my age group, you know, they wanted to get things and they wanted to, you know, uh, keep up with the Joneses for lack of a better word.
And, and so they would mess with the dough boys. They would fuck with the drug dealers or just have a boyfriend that, you know, he was, you know, selling drugs or whatever. And, you know, I, I didn't like men, so I wasn't... Sleeping with men. So, you know, my option was one of the dope boys told me he was like, yeah, he came at me that way.
And that wasn't the move. So he said, look, you could take this pack of crap. This was in 93 and I was 11 going on 12 at the time. And that's when I first started selling drugs. I got my first pack in 1993. And at that time we were making 10 off the pack. So every hundred that I would make for him, I had to take him back a hundred and I would get 10 now.
Sometimes I didn't make a whole 10 because you got people that don't always have straight money. It's not his short, it's your short. You know what I mean? But you don't want to keep holding this crack forever. You want to get rid of it so it's like motherfuckers come up and they don't got 4, they got 3.
80. After a while you're like, fuck it, take it. So sometimes I can walk away with 6 off of a pack. You know how long it's going to take me to sell 10, 12, 10, 15 packs to get a pair of 100 10 million boots. Because that's what I wanted. So, yeah. So, you know, and then that mean that I got to sell so many packs.
So now I'm missing school, you know, I remember being in school in 96 and, um, uh, I just never fed in and I would go back and forth between my mom and my dad and my mom and my grandma. And, um, I went to Chester High. I went to William Penn. I went to University City and I went to Dobbins and this is all 40 schools was in my freshman year.
One year. Mm hmm. Yeah. I never fit in, you know, and, uh, I remember going in the class and the teacher was like, well, let me introduce the new guy. And clearly, bitch, you got my name and shit on the fucking sheet. So you, I don't know what she thought, but maybe she didn't, you know, and she wanted me to come up to the, you know, the class.
And I was like, nah, and I dipped out and I left and I never went back. You know what I mean? And, um, that was part of the reason why I dropped out because in 96, it was like,
You know, and after a while you just feel lonely, like nobody understands, like, I didn't wake up in the morning and say, Oh, I want to be a gay trans man. No, that's not how it worked. You know what I mean? This is something I felt all my life. I didn't wake up and ask, it's times that I'm going to do things and I will ask God, like God, like.
You know, you created me, you know me, so like, and be conflicted with things, you know what I mean? And every time I get right back to here. And so now it's like, I'm learning how to love the skin I'm in. You know, I got my top surgery, um, on the 18th of B2 months. And that was, you know, a lot of me transitioning.
You know, to this took more time because of, like I said, not so good decisions that I made poor choices, so my stuff got pushed back. You know what I mean? In and outta rehabs or, you know, in and outta prison, you know what I mean? This is the first time since I was 30, 13 years old that I, I'm not on no parole, probation.
I have, yeah, I'm free. No for the congrats first time. Congrats for the first time. And listen, I was in the car earlier and the cop got behind me and I got tensed. Of course. You know, and, and I, I'm like, why? I had to remind myself, you're good, you're not on parole, you're not on probation, you ain't living like that no more, but you, I have to, you have to untrain your mind.
You know, you know, when you out in society and people are looking at you and the first thing you're looking. Do they know? Cause it's like, you know, living like that for so long, even like before the surgery, having to wear the binder, it's like you live in this big magic trick, this, you know what I mean?
Ooh, let me see if I can convince the public. You know what I mean? And it's like, sometimes I just want to be me. I don't want to. 
Nat: And binders 
are so painful. 
Keon: Oh my God, not even painful, they're fucking annoying. They roll up and look, before, and look, that was a plus. Because like I said, when I came out in the scene, we were using Ace Bandages.
Yeah, yeah, rough. You know what I mean? We over there in the corner strapping down in the parking lot in a dark spot. Yo bro, my metal piece came off, can you hook me up? We were using Ace Bandages back then. So when they came out with the Pine Grips, like, God's gift to butchers and trans men, you know what I mean?
It's like, oh my God, you don't have to... Had that fucking and we pulling because we really want to be flat and and you got all those marks and shit on you You know that your skin Yeah, and bruises sometime, you know what I mean, but the price you pay to To be who you are, you know, it wasn't easy. So I think sometimes they get like They get uh, like we don't get the props that we deserve, you know as trans men like we go through some shit, too You know what I mean?
It ain't just easy. We don't just cut out here and be like, oh yeah, you know what I mean? We, we, we're, we're, we're here. No! You know what I'm saying? There's levels to our shit 
too. 
Nat: It's interesting because, you know, we've been having these community listening sessions and one thing that has come up a lot is people do, are saying like, you know, I don't see any, like, transmasculine figures to look up to, or older trans men.
It, like, I don't know even who to reference. And even when I'm, like, working on this project, and I'm trying to look up, like, historical trans figures, any kind of things, it's largely long lists of trans women. Which I love trans women. Right, absolutely. Trans women deserve their flowers, you know? Absolutely.
But at the same time, I think, that is something that I, I keep going back to, is like, Where are the older 
trans men too? 
Keon: Well, I mean, I've never been a hater and it's like, I come up in a time where, where because it was so few in between that we were always like, put like, neck to neck, like, rivals, you know?
But, um, to name a few for you, you had the Rinos, Rino Prestige. Hey, I think it's R E N O, Reno. He used to work, um, for Colors, I believe. Uh, the, uh. Oh yeah, Colors. Uh, Unite, what was it? Uh, Unity. Uh, back in the day, you had, um, you had Brock that I named. Brock, uh, uh, Brock is a, uh, was a Quran or whatever. Uh, he's on Facebook, you can get in touch with him.
You can get in touch with, um, And I give you their Facebook names. I'm just not going to say it on here. Yeah, yeah, we'll connect. Yeah, you got a couple, you know what I mean? But it's not a lot, you know what I mean? But these are some of the people that were around when I was around in the scene. And Reno was before my time.
And Brock kind of was too. But like I said, we walked up against each other a couple times. And I toot my own horn. I mean, you know, he is a pillar in the community, don't get me wrong. He just never beat me. I mean, he's been around longer than me and you know, had his running. He's still running the race.
Don't get me wrong. He just never, you know, he never got it over me. So I could, I could, I could brag on that and be cool with that. You know, did 
you get back into ballroom after you were, you like decided to be independent? 
Well, I went on a hiatus for a while and then I started to teeter around with it, but, you know, again, that's when after, after so much with the, with the drugs, you know what I mean, I mean with the incarceration, then came the drugs.
And so like, not really, but I was inquired by a couple people recently to get back in and it's like, you know, I'm thinking about it, but, but not to go in as deep as I was then, because I feel like it's, I have some unfinished business. And like for you to be able to say what you're saying now as far as having people from this city that, you know what I mean?
When you say, Oh, ballroom or, Oh, trans men, you can say Ritz, you know what I mean? You can say Kim and I, that's what I feel like I have to go back there and just show that it can be done, but just under different circumstances. And I think a lot, so more because of everything that I had to go through, you know what I mean?
In order to still be here, because there's a lot of people that, you know, with, with, with the girls, they say, they used to go up and drag and all of that, you know what I mean, when they would come in and out of it, well, you got a lot of trans, uh, well, a lot of butchers that are no longer butchers no more, so it's like, I guess they came up out of their drag, but that what started off with me, that's no longer, that couldn't stand the pressure or life had, you know, told them that this, you can't pursue this.
And so to be one of those people that's from that era, like I said, I, you know, around that time, I seen a lot of my predecessors taking the AZT. So to come from in that era to still be here today, you know what I mean? And still be the same person. I think that in itself, I need, I need to give myself my flowers.
So, but as far as the community down here on 13th street, we used to have balls in here. We used to have balls in here downstairs. Yes, we would have free balls. And you would get a free ball. And it would be because, like, you would sponsor something about, um, you know, people would get in if you, um, took like a test.
A STD test or, you know, signed up, practice safe sex and all that. And they would encourage it. And we had a couple free balls in here. That, actually, the first ball I ever judged on the panel was here in the William Wayne Center. I judged down in here. And, um, Um, uh, that night, I remember 2002, uh, I, um, I was, uh, me and Renee Caron was downstairs and we was just talking and laughing and, um, those was back in my days when I used to be on the other side of the law, you know, selling drugs and, um, you know, uh, basically that's what it was.
I have a lot of respect, she's, she's the Philadelphia. Like, all the girls from Philadelphia, Renee is like the, she's the it person, you know. Um, and uh, we were downstairs and I was, you know, you know, gave her a little powder and God rest her soul. And um, the next morning when I woke up. She was in the hospital not too long after that, she died.
And she's on Jerry Springer 2 and like I said, she was the mother of the House of Koran. And uh, Renee, they would go get her out of crack houses to walk a ball. And she would come and she would win. And it was like, this bitch was just in a crack house for a week. You know what I mean? She would come fuck it up and take the trophy.
She was somebody iconic. In the city, you know what I mean? And it was a tragedy, you know. But a lot of, a lot of people that I started out with, most of them, that's where they go to die from, you know? The HIV and the AIDS, you know? And if nothing else come out of this, I just would like, you know what I mean, more, more um, Just more awareness of it because it's getting scary again.
Like it had this moment where it was kind of like I wouldn't say declining but like just like steady. It seemed like it's on the rise again Like they're talking about syphilis is back on the rise like 60 something percent and like syphilis didn't we throw away with that? You know, so like, you know if people are getting syphilis, you know, what else is probably coming with that too You know, and so it's just that I just be tired of seeing our community getting attacked by it You know what I mean, but this is This is a universal thing.
It's not just a gay thing, you know what I mean? But that's how they're going to treat it, you know? So, if nothing else comes out of it, that's what I would like to see. But, you know, the times for us, you know, for the newer generation, a lot of that, y'all not going to, and that's with evolution, with anything, but that's anywhere though.
Because you could go in New York in a village, and you're not going to get that when it was at its height, you know what I mean? Yeah. You know, it's just not, it's just different and I'm so. I would to have been a part of that, not even the ones before me. Cause it looked like it was fun, Paris, Burning Town, that was a little bit before me.
But it was like, ah, I was still stiff. It was like the 80's when you was dressing, like we didn't know what the fuck to wear. And we looked back like, what the fuck? And we thought that shit was cool, you know what I mean? It was like, oh, that was bad, you know what I mean? And by the 90's we knew how to... Put it together and formulate it and, you know what I mean?
Oh, put this with that. Not, you know what I mean? You know, take the shoulder pads out. You know, keep walking around you know, looking like a football player. So we knew how to kind of maneuver it more and it was just more like, freestyle fun, like, just free spirited. You know? And yeah, man. I, I, I, I Nothing else.
I mean, if you got some questions for me, I think I 
Nat: Yeah. Um I guess, like, would you Want to talk, like something we've also heard from people is like talking about, um, how they navigate, like disclosing things to partners and like in relationships 
Keon: as far as like status. I feel like here's the thing. I feel like if I'm dating you for six months, right.
And you know, you're HIV positive and you don't tell, 
Nat: I mean, your gender, gender wise.
Keon: Okay. Um, That's kind of still tricky because if I, I identify as male and that's what, okay. So this is like if I had both surgeries, so do I say I used to be a woman in my former life? Like what the fuck is that? Yeah. You know?
So I think that, um, I think with that, if it's not a, it's a doax, don't tell because I feel like if we already established and we feel for each other, then you fell in love with me. And that's what it is. This is who I am. That's a part of me. You know, that was a part of me, but that's not who I am today. So I don't think that, you know what I mean?
Yeah. That it should be a big issue. I don't think that you should go on tricking somebody intentionally, knowing that, you know what I mean, that's not... 
Yeah, I mean, I don't think most people would 
go out to trick. Right, but I mean, you got some people that do. It's more like they're fearful. Absolutely you will be because then it's like, you know, people, once they know that about you, they'd like to water you down and take you back to that place.
Now you have to submit to being that person that you transitioned from. It's like, no, I'm not that person. I'm not, you know what I mean? This is who I am. And it's like, nah, nah, but you. You're not organic. You're a hybrid. You know what I mean? So it's like, yeah, but I think that if you in a relationship with somebody and they don't know yet And when the time comes and if it comes up, I feel like honesty is the best thing You know what I mean?
And if they can't then it might not be meant to be, you know? I think that we should go back
to I mean? Because I think the more that we try to make up You know, like, put makeup on it. The more society don't understand it. If we give it to them organic, then they'll accept it because they don't have a choice but to accept it organic. You know what I mean? And that's what it is. So, yeah. I don't think that.
I think, yeah. You know, if I say that we're getting married and I'm your husband and you're my wife, then that's what it should be. 
Yeah, I mean, I know you shared with me off the record and everything about, like, Previous relationships you've 
had, you know. Yeah, I've been, listen, and this is why I say that you should just be honest, you know what I mean?
Less headache. But I've had some situations where I didn't tell a girl what it was, you know what I mean? And of course it wasn't a serious, serious relationship, you know what I mean? But I've been in some situations where they didn't know tea, and that's what they call it. They didn't know the tea, and I left it like that, you know what I mean?
And sometimes when they didn't know they were more attracted. It's weird. You know what I mean? Because I think like a lot of times you have women that before the transition in part, like just with being gay, like, you know, a lesbian is like, you know, if they were like straight or bi, like they get so hurt from men in the other world that they come over here looking for relief.
And I tell people for a long time, you know, I would tell girls like, you better off staying over there with him. Because the hurt that he gives you is evident. You talking about two creatures of the same being and you talk about two women who are emotional. You understand what I'm saying? Like, this shit can get real tricky and it can sting you more than he can.
It is not any 
easier. 
At all. At all. You understand what I'm saying? It's like, okay, well on the first year period, on the 15th month, I done dealt with you for two weeks through your bitchiness. And it's like, okay, babe, I'm done. I'm so sorry. And then it was like, fuck you, bitch, because now I'm on someone.
You know, so it is, yeah. So, like, it's definitely not gumdrops and lollipops over here. You know what I'm saying? But I mean, I feel like, I feel like almost 85 percent of the world has some type of contact or some type of experience experiment One form or another. They won't all admit it. But yeah, but you know what's crazy though?
That how There's so many people today that's so with it. They just don't say it on record. Like it was like always like that, but now It's it's bad. It's bad. Yeah, you got some of the people that you know, I hear some of the girls say these guys You know what I mean? They'd be like, but damn I'm thinking I'm getting you know this and then they turn around and they want to be fucked and these is the guys that got the baby moms and You know and it's like wow really, you know, I mean like the stern in the street.
Yeah, say what's just you know I mean and they want to be bent over is like wow, you know me So for me, it don't, it don't surprise me at all now, but it still has my eyebrow up a little bit like, damn him too. But yeah, it's, it's, the numbers are staggering. 
Nat: There's so many chasers that are just like on the DL 
at the same time.
Keon: Yeah, absolutely. And, and that's the whole thing, you know, so I don't know, hit me with something else. 
Nat: Yeah. 
So how do you feel, I guess you already kind of touched on this, but. How do you, how do you feel Philadelphia has changed in the years that you've lived here? 
Keon: Well, you said it yourself, the, the, the, the gentrification.
I feel like because of the people from my era and before me, that we made out mark that they had no choice but to give us the gayborhood. Cause we, we pretty much took it, you know, and um, but they, I mean, it was like a point where they just was like, I felt like smothered because it was just like, Making it smaller and smaller and smaller.
And now you got it. Where it is also gentrified too. It's like the only club that's really still standing is Woody's. And it's like, how fair is that? But 
again,
Nat: it's like where the straight girls take their bachelorette 
parties. 
Keon: Right. You right. You know what I mean? Or, or, or, or you know, it is like, where is it for the, the, the trans men.
Uh, where is it for the minorities, the black and brown people, you know, it's like, okay, you know, so that right there is like, like I said, coming down here today, it was like looking around and because I barely come down here. If I come down here, I'm going to Danny's. I don't know if you know what Danny's is, right?
It's the midnight confessions. That's why I still get my strap on. I was just saying, uh, over the weekend, I just got a new one, right? No bullshit. But, uh, Yeah, it's definitely not the same. It's nothing like how it used to be. You know what I mean? You didn't even have to go in a club. You could just hang out downtown on 13th street.
It's not like that no more. You know, you got the tables out with the people eating, you know what I mean, where we used to stand at. It's like, what the fuck, you know, but what can you do now? You know what I mean? But it's gay people, but it's more like tourist people or, you know, Caucasian people that's, you know what they're doing.
It's like, it's, it's no fun. It's no, You know, it's like, it's, it's too, um, scripted. Okay. We're going to sit down and have drinks and we're going to, you know what I mean? Not yo, I'm gonna meet you there on 13th street. It's popping. It's lit. It's nice out. Just that's up. That's it. That's all we had to do back then.
You know what I mean? When, you know, we had, it was no social media. We had the party line, you know, that's how we would call it. Talking to the party line and we had pages and shit. You know what I mean? Now it was like, all right, I'm gonna drop my location. Meet me here and let's have. No. You know what I mean?
It's too planned. It's too scripted, you know what I mean? And it's not nowhere where you could be like, yo, that fucking club in Philly is, is it don't, it don't exist no more, you know, uh, the clubs that I named. You know what I mean?
Nat: So 
what kind of community, like, have you found any, like spaces that you do like to, like interact with community?
Or is it just like at your house hanging 
out? 
Keon: That's what it pretty much is now, because it's like, you know, I, I don't fit. I don't fit in what's going on now, and this newer generation, they're younger. They don't want to hang out with me. I'm a dinosaur. Like, they want to hear the stories, but they don't want to hang out with Reds, old man Reds.
That's on. That's why they call me on. You on. You know, so it's like, I don't fit. Where do I, you know, and the few people that's in between, that's still around, that I will still deal with. You know what I mean? That's, that's, that's where the space today allows us. That's all it gives us is to be. And our own atmosphere like that, you know what I mean, at each other's houses or, you know, if not, then, you know, you go to a ball.
And, you know, I come from an era where they had this thing called a Kiki ball, right? And the Kiki ball back in the day was just what it was. It was a Kiki. It was the people that wanted to be a part of the ballroom scene so bad, but they couldn't because they were a Kiki. It was a joke. Like, well, they vogue and it's horrible.
Like, ah. Now it's like... Almost solidified like now the kiki balls is taking serious now. This is everything just changed, you know So, you know, but but like I said everything comes with evolution So you gotta allow it to run its course is just that me I'm not one of those people that try to force my way into situations that Don't allow me Well, I'm wrong, but for me today like a lot of people still live on it You have to be somebody in ballroom and today is like I don't chase that it's for me to be somebody in the street to Make my name known in society.
To walk down the street and not get clocked and not get spooked or be known that I was born something other than what I'm presenting to you gives me my life. Gives me my, makes my euphoria. Like, you know what I mean? It gives me that rush. So, I, you know, I don't need ballroom scenes to make me, you know what I mean, be like, oh, that's real.
I'm already stamped. You know what I mean? I am who I am. That's who I am. So, yeah, but I mean, I would love to. Definitely get back into it and I think that, uh, don't count me out yet. You'll be seeing me. Oh, I'm not counting you out. You'll definitely be seeing me. 
Nat: Uh, 
so, let's think about, I mean you, you've talked about navigating like the prison system and everything.
Like what, is there anything you'd want to share 
or it's okay if you don't.
Keon: That's rough. No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm open book and I'm just going to go over this real fast. I've been, I've been locked up in a lot of different places and Lancaster County was one of the worst. Lancaster, for people that don't know, like the Amish and the Mennonites and you know, it's real laid back.
It's so slow, you know, and these people still literally use horse and buggies. And when I was up there. Uh, they didn't know what to do with me. And, and, and the sergeant came and told me he did not know what to do with me. He said, listen, we from you from a city where it, it is fast-paced and up with the times and we're not there yet and we don't know how to house you.
I went and, um, from, from intake and they, when they put me in population, my cellmate, she was so like, never seen somebody like me before. That's all she talked about in the day room when we went out for our free time and. Next thing you know, the counselor came and said, I need to talk to you. And I went down to the counselor's office and I never made it back to population.
They put me back into the intake. I had to wash up by myself, which in a sense I didn't mind, you know what I mean? But the way that they treat you in there, you know what I mean? They asked me for four days straight every day. They would warden's office. So what were you born as? And to the fourth day, I'm like, man, fuck you.
You figure it out. I'm not doing this with you no more. Like, you know what I mean, they kept... So what was your original parts that you were born with? You know, the first time I was ever locked up, I had a male search me, a female search me, and another male. And the female said, she said, Well look, I ain't searching it no more.
Cause if it's a man, he got a little dick. Cause I ain't feel nothing. And they put me in a cell by myself, which was very fucking boring, cause you have nobody to talk to, so... Yeah, and when I went to Lancaster... The guy when I went up to the desk after I had, you know, was getting processed, they, they give you, uh, peptos, the girls get peptos, they, which is pink jumpers, and the guys get blues.
And they went to give me a blue jumper and the lady was like, nah, that's a pink. And he like a paint and he's looking at me, but thinking she fucking up. You know what I mean? Like, and that's what it was like his mouth was wide open. Like, what the fuck? You know what I mean? Where you from again? So, yeah.
But as far as the. The system goes, it's really hard when we still in a time where they still have not just accepted that we are a group of people that's not going nowhere and just give us our space. You understand? Just give us our space and then it won't be so difficult. Just accept the process. You know what I mean?
That these people are not going nowhere, you know? And I don't understand when we have the hormones and different things for it. It's like society saying, yeah, okay Because legally we got to and we can't take all your rights, but still we don't. It's so weird, you know? But I know that today I have more rights as a trans man than I do as just a black person period.
So it's like, you know, because Today you have in schools, you have kids that is learning the history of the LBGTQXYZ. And still don't even know their roots of their history. And so it's amazing, but it's real, you know? And you and I have experienced this in one of the programs that I was in and how we met, you know?
And to see that, it was like, it was mind boggling to you, like, what the fuck? You know what I mean? It's like, yeah, thank you. You know what I mean? Somebody outside of, to see, like, you know? And, and so, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's... It's hard in society, but then you still have the prejudices amongst your community.
You know what I mean? Like, why is we as trans men, why we don't uplift each other? Why we always have to have our foot in each other's lap? It's not, it shouldn't always be about a competition and who looks real or who, you know what I mean? It's just, yo bro, what's going on? You look good, how can I help?
What you taking? I want. You know what I mean? Do we, uh, beat each other down? You know what I 
mean? 
Nat: I feel like, I mean for me, navigating like my own masculinity, it's also, it feels sometimes that the only masculinity, the masculinity I feel like I attach to is more like older butches and like, you know, related to that is like what I try to model my masculinity.
Okay. Respect. But I feel like sometimes it feels like you get trapped with like, The masculinity that anybody always talks about is toxic masculinity, you know, is this like, the, the way that you carry yourself, like being misogynistic, thinking less of women, but also, like, being, like, and I feel like that goes into the hyper competitive, the like, I don't ask for help from anybody, I don't, you know, like, it gets into, 
the touch me not, and all of that type shit, yeah, 
and I wonder, like, I'm thinking like, I mean, you've named obviously people who, who you kind of like modeled or 
Keon: like saw as role models.
Yeah. I mean, the people that were, that were pillars in the community. 
Nat: How would 
you say you built like your own masculinity or how you 
Keon: define masculinity? 
To be honest, the reason why it would be a tension between us at that time is because one, I remember when I first came after walking the ball at Fever.
Brock wanted me to join the house of Quran. Me and Brock was actually okay for a couple weeks in the beginning. And, because I didn't want to join the house. Knowing now, at the time he might have was, was doing it for his own safety reasons. As far as, I'm, if I'm on the same team with you, then I'm not your competition.
Oh. Um, Reno wanted me to be a prestige and Reno was like one of the first trans men in Philly that was actually taking hormones and stuff. And I didn't want to be a prestige. I wanted to be me. I didn't want to shadow them, you know. And so that, that was a big risk to do that when you, you had, you know, Brock reigning for pretty boy and you had Reno reigning for realness.
And to be in my situation that I can walk either category, you know what I mean? And so like, I just was who I am because see, the thing with me is, and I don't say this for the, for the, for this or anything else. And you kind of somewhat know me. I am who I am all the time. It's not an act. It's not like, you know, when you, when you play in a role, sometimes you won't forget the role you're going to show up and I have never been anything different.
But what you see me as you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, and I think that you know That's why the times you will see me anger is because I'd be so passionate about stuff because I've been around for you know God bless me. I've been around, you know, you know, I came up in between Three different generations really, you know I mean the ones before me coming on the tell and coming into my own and then you know The one after me, you know the new generation in the early 2000s before I completely bowed out the scene, you know I mean and so to see You know, like, like the stuff that go on and take place is like, you look at the predecessors and it's like, come on, let go, like the times has changed.
And then you look at the new group and it's like, no, we don't do that. That's disrespectful. You know what I mean? That's disrespectful to you, to the community. You know what I mean? And this is why they don't take us serious. So it's like, that's why I be so adamant about certain things. You know what I mean?
And I just feel like certain situations like sets us back. 50 plus years, you know what I mean? You know, you think about what the people had to go through in Stonewall and all of that type shit. When they used to electrocute people and tell them they were going to electrocute you out of gayness. Which, I just find it hard to believe that after it was named gay for whatever reason it was, you know, the real definition of it is happy and if people are happy, let them be happy.
Yeah. You know, let 'em be happy. Why do we have to live in a, in a society and in a time where everybody wanna control and dictate everything that you do? It's like, you know, you telling the person that they can't be trans and they transitioning is limited. It's like how today they telling women you can't get abortion.
Like, what the fuck does that have to do with you? Yeah. My body, my choice. It's the same thing with trans. It's my body. If I wanna shoot fucking hormones and steroids in my. Vagina, . Why do you care? Yeah. Why are you trying to control that? It's just the United States. I, I don't know. That's some that's bigger than me.
It's just like why you have that much energy to put into that. Right. You know what I'm saying? That's too much fucking energy for me today. 
Nat: Yeah. I mean, and it, I, you touched on this too, of like, I feel like now, like with Pose and, and like legendary and everything, there's this. hyper visibility of trans people and they're much more like you see much more like trans people in like as Representational, right?
Yeah at the same time Like the actual like social changes haven't really 
been done the legal changes 
of like making things actually accessible of like giving people health care of like Figuring out how to actually support trans people holistically like all of those things like hasn't happened and instead It's just been like well, we put you in a picture.
Keon: So We've recognized you, you know, we see you're here, you know I mean and yeah, and I and I get that and like what you're saying like giving them, you know The the mental support and the health, you know um, I was talking to one of my counselors and he was gay and um He was just bashing them as only center.
He had nothing nice to say about them. And it's just someone is steady, touch some points, but it's like, what can you do? And he was like, yo, they, anybody over 40, they, they, for the younger group. And, you know, and, you know, not so many minorities they do, but they don't, you know, that's this shit that I'm used to.
And it's like, okay, I get it. You know what I mean? But it's like, I guess they feel like we're going to invest more in them because they won't be here for some time. I don't, I don't know. I'm not a spokesperson for them. You know what I mean? It's fucked up either way, but it's like, yeah, but if we don't stick together and fight for it as a whole.
You know, they are never going to take us 100 percent serious, as long as we have these kind of things, these fractions in between us, instead of, you think about it, listen, if you, if, if these people, if the handicapped community, they get together, and block some shit off, and get a ramp put somewhere, cause they stick together and unify.
You understand? Why can't we do that as the gay community, as the culture? You know what I mean? To be like, nah, just, no, we not, no, that's not an option. You know what I mean? To take on the same model of what I just said. You know, my body, my choice. Like, this is my body, if I want to be a fucking man, let me be a man.
That's how I feel, that's what it is. You know, this person wants to be a woman, let her be a woman. That's it. You understand what I'm saying? And you know, so you got the people that's, that's trying to control your life is the people that don't have control over theirs. It's like, okay, Mr. Politician, the one that's the liar, the polygamist, the, the, you know, the one, the one who's the chaser on 
Nat: the DL.
Keon: And then when the scandal come out, it's like, would you look at this shit, you know, but for your party you have to, oh, I oppose, I oppose, and it's like, yeah, okay, and at night your proposal is, come here, you know what I'm saying, so it's just weird, but I mean, I don't think, I don't know, I don't know in my lifetime if I'll ever see it, but it will be a beautiful thing, it will definitely be a beautiful thing to just be a whole community of people.
It That stamp, that's this you got Yeah, the, the, the, the, the heterosexuals and you know, like whole, you know, yeah. Not divided in so many parts and just staying together united, that would be a beautiful thing. I'm all for it. I think a lot of my thinking change with the older that I got, but seeing the transition of, you know, the community to, to ride down the street and see the gay colors.
At Pride Month on buildings is huge, you know, but to me, it's still not enough, you know, it's still not enough. 
Nat: So kind of related to that, what, like, what is the time that you could, that you felt like, and maybe either the first time that you remember of like, you really felt like seeing like as Kion, like, is there, was there the balls?
Keon: Yeah, because in that world, we can be. Who we want to be. If you want to dress up and if I want to be a boxer, I can come be a boxer, but at the end of the day, my pronouns are respected and, and, and nobody's questioning it. That's who you say you are. Nobody questions it. You know what I mean? Okay, you're rich and your pronouns are he, him, and that's it.
Okay. All right. What's going on, Ray? You want to have something to drink? You know, and we move along. You know what I mean? And I don't have to put on a facade and let me make sure that my binders are straight and my back is right so they can't see a bulge or be husky so it can match because of the... Who feels like that shit day in and day out?
It's exhausting. It is. You know what I mean? Because it's like, I can't be who I am for real because I have to be so many other faces. And for me, being a person that suffers from anxiety and depression, that's a lot. To try to maintain and keep up with, you know what I mean, and not self medicate. And this is why a lot of people in our community are strung out on drugs.
And it's real, seriously, a lot of them are strung out on drugs because motherfuckers don't, ah, you fucking sissy, you homophag, you dyke, you lesbian, you know, and to keep hearing that, you know what I mean, like, beat in your head, absolutely, and then you find your comfort in what takes you out of You know what I mean?
That give you that disconnection from it. You know what I mean? And so, unfortunately, a lot of people got caught up in that rap shit and never made it back. I'm just grateful to be one of the few. And this is why I can openly say it. Not only am I trans or, you know, and all of that. You know, also being a recovering addict because you got people that we still seeing them die left and right.
Because it's still not, you know, the proper... Treatment all around, you know what I mean? Or outlets, or places people can go and get what they need. Just to be who they are, just to feel like somebody loves me, somebody cares about me and I could just, I could just be me. So. Um. It's a really good thing. 
Nat: Well are there any other things that you want to share?
Or should we go into a wrap up question? I don't 
Keon: know if we can. Pretty much, I think I, I, I feel like I almost touched on everything. I mean, would you 
Nat: want to share anything about Morrison? 
Keon: Sure. 
Nat: How, I guess, how did it, how do you feel like it felt being in a space that was with other trans people, and specifically for trans and non binary people, in regards to like a recovery space?
Keon: Honestly? Yeah. It was the worst. The worst? Yes. Why? Because of what you just said. When I'm in a space with people that's, uh, trans ish and other trans people, and we're supposed to be in recovery, and that's not what it was. It kind of took me back to when I told you about the placement. They told me, oh, it's going to be like a college campus, and you know, this placement, and they showed me this video, and then I get down here, and y'all hollerdogging me up and all that.
It was misrepresentation. You know, we was in there and I'm not here to bash him because I'm not that person today. I'm just being real because if nothing else comes out of it, I want it to be known that it can be that place can offer so much more and it can do so many great things, even if it don't touch masses of people, you know, but for the people that it do touch, I need it to be effective and it's not.
Yeah. And that's, I'm just going to be real. And I 
Nat: feel, I mean, that's also like, it's part of a larger system that 
Keon: is also just like... I get it, but you got the people that's in it, you know, and they can, they can change it. They can make some changes. You know what I mean? Even if it don't go all the way up to the higher level, you can make changes within.
You know, I was in a group where I was told we don't count clean time. We don't say we clean. What the fuck is that? If you work a rigorous program of narcotics anonymous or alcohol anonymous or whatever, you, you know what I mean? You know that that's celebrated. That's an accomplishment. You know, don't know.
I feel like not even just with recovery, if we even put that to the side, you, you got people that's been living on the street, right? Or don't have no, um, or, you know, no morals and vibes because they was never taught. You know, they, they just had to fill up with, you got people that was living in the street and in the subways and, and all.
So when they get to there, especially the ones that's older and they get to this place and, and I was in there with somebody that was in their fifties and didn't know how to open blinds and work a microwave and y'all not teaching them that y'all not helping them with that. That's scary. That's that to me, all you doing is setting them back up.
So when they go back on it, because when you think about it, under, I'm not going to so much bash this administration because I wasn't there under this administration, but under the old administration, look at the recidivism we read, like the recidivism, excuse me, you know, the people that repeat offenders, the people that keep coming back, the same people keep coming back to this program, it's obviously, it's not effective, something is not working.
Nat: Yeah. I mean. I also think about how many people go through relapse in general, right? And then you're It's a possibility. If you're looking at individuals, like trans individuals, you, leaving more someone, and what I noticed is like, a previous staff in like, more someone, is that, you know, people didn't even, like, you know, the, the people that they, everyone was dependent, like, residents would depend on, like, social workers, and healthcare providers, like, Even them, a lot of them were navigating people who were misgendering them constantly, that they couldn't get care from.
Exactly. So like, Morris Home was the only place you could get care. Right, right. And then Morris Home, as I've seen it, is like Morris Home has become, like compared to, I don't know any other place, and maybe you can correct me if I'm wrong, that is like a hub of trans people, especially trans, and has trans, like older trans people, coming in and out of it.
Right? And specifically, There's trans staff, there's trans people, right? There's trans residents. So like, I guess I wonder, what would, what would you think could be brought to programs? 
Keon: I think we need to have sex, uh, education. Top priority. You know what I mean? I think that, you know, like, these people need whole ex skills.
Home ex skills. You know, we having groups about fucking painting bullshit. When we can use this time to talk about less, you know, um, how to open a bank account, how to grocery shop, how to manage money and, you know, and things of that nature, you know what I mean? Hygiene, you know, people need, I've been in a program where these people need these things.
You have the Rainbow House, which is a recovery house for gay and trans people, and that's the only one in the state of PA, and to be honest, It was better than the Mars Home Debate. You don't have all the don't get me wrong. You don't have all of the the perks as far as Helping people get you know housing and things like that, but and the people that the staffers did They they weren't gay or trans, but they treated us the way Like for the overall for the most part everything everything has scandals and you know mishaps with it But I just feel like I'm not dogging tomorrow's home It's just this heart is disheartening to know that they it can just do so much more like it And so little at the same time.
It's not even you're not even going above and beyond you have people sitting in there all day Doing nothing really nothing productive. So you get them a home and you get them a check you get them financially stable And you get them you give them housing, but now you gave them nothing else and you say, okay graduate What the fuck do you think they're gonna do?
Do you think they're gonna go out and be successful and just say oh Now it makes sense. Now I know how to live life. No, these people are stuck. They get become complacent. They become scared They get bored. They don't have no no outlook no foundation Besides them, and then when they start getting high again, what do they do?
Send them care packages, send them shit to just keep them going for that, and then eventually they're right back. Which, which, which blocks it for other people that needs that same opportunity. Because some people will relapse. That's just the reality. It's up to the person. You could, you could, listen, you could, you could take me to the water, but you can't make me drink.
I had to surrender and not want to live that life no more and want more for myself. You know, and, and so with that came, you know, so I, I, you know, my family at some point, you know, they abandoned me when, you know, when they didn't like the lifestyle, but now I have to abandon some of my family because of my lifestyle.
And I'm not just even talking about transitioning. I'm talking about to stay clean and sober like that right there is toxic. It's tough. And I can't have that in my life today. And not this new way. Not the new person that I am. That's not okay. What you're doing. You can't, I'm not going to allow you to make me feel like that again.
You understand? But I just feel like with that, you, you take a group of people, you put them in a house, you sit them in there all day because you want to protect them from the world. And you don't give them no skills, no tools. And then say, look, we did, we got you a place to live. Hey, your SSI is on. I mean, 
Nat: they have therapy every day just for people 
Keon: listening, but yeah.
If that's what you want to call it, like, let's just be real. Again, I'm not here to bash it. You know what I mean? I don't, I don't want to talk about, you know, uh, we, we want to get to the problem of things. Why people have traumas, why, you know, people with, uh, child abuse and, you know, um, abandonment issues.
Like, let's get to the core because what I've learned in my recovery that the drug is just a symptom. The drug is just what I use to take me out of that feeling. You know, I, I, I'll give you an example. I, in the past two weeks, I bought 14 pairs of sneakers. No lie. No lie. When we get off, this, I'm going to show you the picture because I put up my shelf in my new apartment.
And, but when I went to the meeting last night, I found out that I'm using without using drugs. Because I have an addictive personality. So now, I need to fill that void with something. So now I'm not filling it with, with drugs. So now, I'm shopping. Anything that I do that I like, I have to have in masses.
And that is a problem with my thinking. And that's where I have to go back and retrain it at. You understand what I'm saying? We could just say, don't just say no. Don't get hot. All that cliche, boring, corny slogans that we don't work. But why are my thinking so fucked up? Since I was a kid, I've always been a manipulator.
I've always been a good talker. I, you know, things of that nature. Where you got some people that... Always probably suffered from depression or never felt wanted like these are the things that's embedded in us that make us feel like we need some type of substance to disconnect us from that feeling that we don't want to feel.
Yeah. And that's my thing. So we sit here all day. Okay, today we're going to paint and you come on. We know how we go. I'm gonna say you're not saying that I'm saying it for the record. You know what I mean? So you sit there from 10 to 12 and we doing a whole bunch of. Walk, walk, and it's like, I, I've always left those groups still feeling the same when I came in.
That's not how it's supposed to work. This is treatment. Let's, let's talk about the nature of what's going on. Why do you feel like that? You got somebody that stood up in a group one day and said, my, I'm HIV positive and my disease is older than you, you and you. Three people in the room, they've been suffering with this disease of HIV since 86.
They've been on drugs for the same amount of time. They've been living on the street for 30 years. How can you help restore this person? By sitting there doing finger paints with them? And bullshit? Let's talk about it. What happened? And then, you know, that you was forced to live like that on the street as a kid.
And then we gotta address the things that happened to you while you was out there in those 30 years. To get through and survive. That's trauma. Yeah. But you wanna send me in a house, an apartment, and a, with a, with a thousand dollars check for a month and think I'm not gonna smoke it all up. What I I'm only doing what I know and you ain't introduced me to nothing different.
Yeah. And I just feel like if is a, is a failure. And, and, and I, and I say this to say because, and I am gonna say this on the record because it is, I've only been in there with black and brown people and it's fucked up.
Because when I, the administration that I was under and I asked them, I said, well if your sibling was in here, or your family member, would you be okay with it running the way that it's running? I said, and I knew you wouldn't, and you knew you wouldn't. And this is why I got the treatment that I got. And I'm okay with that.
Because I can, what makes me feel good, just, just for the day, cause I'll never get cocky, just for the day, I am one of the few That went to the program. Didn't, I didn't get, I didn't graduate. I, we know the story. I ain't got to do all of that. Cause I don't want it to seem like I'm bitter. But I'm still clean.
Yeah. Look at Sandy's situation. Right when she was getting it all. You can't take it no more. After a while you get tired of being in that house, the same motherfuckers, different personality, people on hormones. You got the staff on hormones. It's just a lot. I mean, people are 
Nat: on hormones naturally. 
Keon: Yeah, but I'm just saying, you know what I mean?
I'm not knocking it. I take hormones. I just had my shot today. But what I'm saying is after a while you like, it's nowhere else to fucking go. You know what I mean? It's just like, and it's repetitive. You know, and it's just like, okay, and I'm not breaking away from nothing after, you know, that first initial security of being somewhere other than where, where I was coming off the street.
After your brain starts to, you know what I mean, decloud itself and you're, you're getting woke and you're taking showers and you're, you know what I mean? It's like, okay, what else? What is next? You know what I mean? Like, we did this for 60 days straight. There's nothing else going on. You know what I mean?
For me, for a person that's a thinker, for somebody that wants more. I don't like the Mars will can be a really good thing and it has potential. And I just hope that under the newest administration that it will get, it will get better. I believe in it. I believe in a new administration. But you know, like anything, you know what I mean?
It's like when, you know, my favorite president came and he had a lot of shit to clean up behind Bush. We can even start president being the president, you know, so maybe, you know, in a year or two things will be More, you know, effective to the people that really need it because if you've got this, this is the only program like this in the country, we got to do better.
Yeah, we have to. These are, I feel 
Nat: like it's also very representational of like this being the only place in the country and then what the country in general, like in the government, what is happening to trans people, you know, and, and at the end of the day, the root of transphobia is racism. Right. It's all like, they're all interconnected.
You can't, you can't disconnect them. And the thing about Morristown is that they focus so much on like people from Philadelphia. And I think specifically like housing black and brown people. Um, 
Keon: I mean, I guess because when you say the upper, like going upstairs, like the bigger I'm saying like, above Morrison.
Right. Where's the money coming from? That's what we're saying. Morrison doesn't get the money, you know? And I'm with you with that, but what I'm saying is, we're going off insurances and stuff. So you got somebody coming in from California that they don't probably don't accept their insurance because they're not in the state of PA.
Oh, yeah. You understand? So yeah, so you got to put that in perspective too, but they do take a lot of people. We got, I see a lot of people from Pittsburgh and all over and it's like, and those be the ones that come here and be ungrateful. You like you motherfucker. You come here and my city. And get, you know what I mean, grade A shit that you, they don't have these resources where you're from and then you shit on my city.
Like, I just find it to be disrespectful. That's my own personal thing because I've seen it happen. You know what I mean? More than once, but I feel like there's other people here in the city though. When you got one person that you and I know that came 14 times, where is the room for the next person that never had a time?
Yeah. If we keep going, you know, you know, everybody gets it at their own time. Don't get me wrong, but 14 times where somebody else could be having that bed It's like when do we stop and open up the doors? To give the next person because people are here dying Yeah, that's only fair. That's my thing. You know what I mean?
I just feel like it should be I have a friend right now That's been trying to get in there for the past four months And then you have somebody that's back in a program that I went to when I went there the other day and I've seen them In a program and this person was putting one of the best Apartments in the city, I mean, grade a apartment, set them up and you're back for what, third, fourth time?
And this person has never had opportunity and they're begging for help. And they're younger. This is somebody that's young, this 26 years old friend will be 26 this Sunday, as a matter of fact. And they've been asking, please. I'm scared. Well, 
Nat: it's hard to, I mean, the place being so small, there's so much more need.
I get it. Absolutely. I'm not trying to excuse you for that. No, no, not at all. I'm just saying that like, I mean, if it was possible, I think if they had 30 
Keon: beds, it still would be too small. You know, it would be, it would not, it's... I get that. What I'm saying is... Give somebody else a chance. No, I get that. Yeah, give somebody else a chance, especially you on your third or fourth time It's like listen, try another program And if they don't or help them be resources for them from the outside and give somebody else a chance You understand what I'm saying?
And then you got the trans men That, we just, you know, what's the most trans men that's ever been there at one time? We still get overshadowed by the girls, and then, you know what I mean, and you got maybe one, two, if two, and that's, that's the max. For this whole stereotype thing, instead of helping break that system, you know what I mean, if a motherfucker need help, to help him.
No, we got two trans men, there's too much masculine energy, that's bullshit. People are dying. Yeah. And this is why, by the grace of God, I stay founded, like with, with, with grounded, excuse me, I stay grounded because that scares me. That whole setup of ever having to need them again. Not saying that I won't, God forbid I don't, as long as I follow the way that I'm following.
But, I, I, I don't want that to be my story. To have to go back there and, no. 
Nat: Yeah. Um, well, thank you for sharing everything, um, for, thank you for having me, of course. So for like a wrap up question, if you wanted to be remembered for one thing, or maybe you can do a couple of things, if you want a couple of things, what do you think 
Keon: it would be change?
I was asked in therapy one time, if you can stop one thing out of the two, which one would it be? And the two things was hunger or hate. And this was the first rehab I was ever at and it was 16 hours and 14 people went to a hunger. It was me and one other person, so out of the two, she asked me, why did you choose hate?
And if there's no hate, there will be no hunger. Because like you just said, it's all rooted intertwined into one. Hateful people do hateful things. You have to be a hateful person to starve somebody on purpose when you have the means and ways. To see that person not being that predicament. That's hate. It stems from it.
You know what I mean? And so I just want to be remembered as one of those people that, you know, I went through what I went through. But, I helped somebody from my experience that they didn't have to go through it. Um, the difference between a smart person and a wise person. You know, uh, a smart person, uh, uh, uh, see the mistake and they'll fix it.
And a wise person will see that person make the mistake and they won't do it. And that's what I want to be for people. I want to be, I'm okay with being a smart person so that they can be wise enough to not do or have to go do the things that I wouldn't do.
Nothing over the top, spectacular. I don't want to be anything other than just me. Just a trans man, a black trans man from North Philadelphia who still detests the time I'm still here due to trials and tribulations of being incarcerated as a juvenile most of my adult years, drug addiction, and all of that to still be here and just to try to make a difference is good enough for me.
Nat: Well, thank you for being a part of the project. Um, this is going to be the end of the recording. 
Keon: Okay, cool. Thanks for having me and good luck with this. 
