---
# text transcript for Interview with K. Silem Mohammad
---

[00:00:00] Caitlyn: Hello. My name is Caitlin and I will be having a conversation with Nikki for the Trans Oral History Project in collaboration with the Center for Research in Feminist, Queer, and Transgender Studies, the William Way LGBT Center, and the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts at the University of Pennsylvania.
This is an oral history project centered on the experiences of trans, non binary, and gender non conforming people. It is April 27th, 2023, and this is being recorded at Penn's LGBT Center. Can you share your name, 
[00:00:35] Nikki: pronouns, and birth dates? Nikki Carmen. She. 
Her.
And my birthday 
is December 16th, 1983.
[00:00:45] Caitlyn: Thank you. Philadelphia question, what was Philadelphia like when you grew up here? 
[00:00:50] Nikki: First moved here, 
so I 
initially moved here to Philadelphia, I want to say in 2000 and,
uh, 15, maybe about 15, 2015. And I came here from Allentown. Um, and previously coming here from Allentown, I came from. Massachusetts. So I kind of like, um, hadn't been in, you know, the Pennsylvania, the state of Pennsylvania for, um, you know, much of my life at all. You know, I just was new here and, um, but I always wanted to live in Philadelphia because, you know, I wanted to live in a big city.
I'm from a really small town in Massachusetts. And, um, when I got here, I, um, Um, I came to the Morrisone immediately. I kind of came from a drug rehab facility, um, called Eagleville, just outside of Allentown somewhere, um, between Allentown and Philadelphia. I'm not quite sure exactly where, but, um, you know, I was told that, you know, the Morrisone program would be really good for me because it would help me, you know, kind of And, you know, identify with, you know, other trans people such as myself and, you know, maybe start a new life in another place.
So, you know, I got here and it was kind of a culture shock, I would say, because, you know, I haven't been living in Allentown very long, but it was still kind of a smaller city, but a bigger, you know, place, considered, you know, that I was from a much smaller town. Um, so it was a culture shock for me, you know, there was, you know, these trans women who had big breasts and, you know, big attitudes and, you know, there was just a lot of, um, just a lot going on, you know, there was so much going on and everybody was just moving really fast and it was just, you know, a lot for me to take in, I remember.
And I was curious, you know, I was, I really wanted to like, you know, hang out with some of the girls. I really wanted to, to see what the city was like, but I remember being a little nervous. I remember being very cautious, you know, because I didn't really see anyone around that looked like me, you know, um, and when I say looked like me, I mean like at that point I didn't have breast implants or any type of like.
Real results from taking, you know, feminizing hormones because I had been on hormones for a while, you know But I wasn't really steady with them I was kind of like on them and off them on and off them, but I had been on them Probably since I was about 19 and I want to say at this point 2015 I was about Years ago, so I was about 27 or so, but I hadn't really gotten the breasts from the hormones I just kind of you know You know, softened up, let's say.
Um, but these girls had, you know, breasts, and, you know, butts, and they had a, a lot more than I did, you know? So I, like I said, I was curious, I really wanted to, like, figure out, like, how could I get, you know, breasts, and, you know, but I, I had a lot, I, I, I really, you know, wasn't missing too much, you know, I just was missing the breasts.
But I had a pretty nice body at that point, but I was very, like, innocent. Um, and like I said, it looked like everybody else. I just didn't have that, um,
I didn't have that awareness. I looked very out of place, you know what I mean? Compared to everyone else around me, and I felt like I probably was a little at risk in ways that, you know, other people probably weren't. So I kind of stuck close to, like, uh, The girls and you know, then some of the girls kind of like took advantage of me and you know, I was really sweet when I came here.
I was really nice and you know, just really nice. I was very nice, you know, um, I had a, I had a drug problem. Um, but it was, it was very mild. It was, it was not a, a very intense drug problem. Um, so I, um, Um, started to like, try to trust people and, you know, venture out in the city. You know, the Morris home was not really as restricted, um, as where I came from, the facility I came from.
So I started to really venture out and, um, it was very, uh, It was very, it was, it was a lot for me because my experience was that it was very unsafe for a transgender girl who had not been born in this city, you know, who didn't have that level of awareness of what was, you know, um, Good or what was bad or what was safe or where it was unsafe to go.
So, um, I had a lot of different things happened to me when I first came to this city. Um, you know, I had been robbed a couple of times. I had been like followed by different types of people. You know, men, I, I ended up wandering off into neighborhoods where, you know, it looked like if I didn't get out of there pretty quickly, somebody was going to like try to beat me up or shoot me or something like that.
Like I was kind of like chased out of different neighborhoods if, just because simply I look like I didn't belong, you know, like people just didn't look like me there. They didn't walk like me there. They didn't talk like me there. That stuck out a lot. I noticed here, um, people made mention that, oh, you know, look like you belong here.
You don't sound like you belong here. So, there was this sense of, you know, me wanting to like, fit in here. And I felt like in order to me, in order for me to fit in here, I had to like, Kind of like, be like the people that I was around. So I had to like, toughen up a little bit. I had to like, get a thicker skin.
And I had to kind of like, be like the girls that I was around. I, I seen all these different groups of people and it seemed like everybody was the same within those groups of people. Like you had people on this side of the town who, uh, were like, you know, an upper class, group of people who, you know, lived in a nice area who kind of like stayed within that, you know, area.
And then you had North Philly who was, um, you know, you had Temple, you had the Temple students, but outside of that you had like a rougher neighborhood, a group of people where it was like, you know what I mean? Like everybody was just like that. It didn't seem like there was no in between. It was like either you were a Temple student or you lived outside of that and you were just.
It was all like, you know, rough and you know, you were down with like each other. Um, and it just was that vibe that I got. So, you know, people were taking advantage of me. They were stealing from me. They were making fun of me and laughing at me. And, you know, I had a hard time fitting in. I constantly was looking for acceptance from people, you know.
I had no friends here, so I was looking for ways to make friends, but, you know, it wasn't really working. So I would wander around the city by myself. You know, I would look at the big buildings and, you know, I was so into, like, the stores and I just was so captivated by the city. Old city. I thought it was all really interesting to me and, you know, it was just wonderful.
So I got to learn the city pretty quickly by myself. Um, just simply from like riding the trains, you know what I mean? And just walking around, you know? I would go from one end of, you know, downtown Center City, Penns Landing, to the other end, you know what I mean? Um, and I would walk it, you know? And then I really got a chance to learn, you know what I mean, downtown really well.
And I would sit at Penns Landing, uh, watch the boats go by. And different things like that and I wasn't, you know, I noticed one thing about, you know, my trans sisters that they were very like, um, promiscuous and I wasn't like that. I wasn't such a promiscuous person because I, where I was from, we didn't, there wasn't a lot of prostitution and there wasn't a lot of, uh, that kind of thing.
Even though I had my experience with that, it still wasn't as heavy as it is here. You know what I mean? Um, cause when I did attempt to prostitute when I was younger, I got arrested. Like, my second time doing it for money. And I can talk about that with another question, but, um, It just wasn't something that I was comfortable doing cause I had a really bad experience with that when I was younger.
So I spent a lot of time alone. Anyways, um, I ended up leaving the Morris home. Um, and at that time at the Morris home, they didn't really have like a discharge plan for you. So to speak, it was like, you know, you got discharged to like a recovery house or, you know, something like that. And like I said, I wasn't from here, like I had no family here.
So, you know, I just kind of like went where they sent me, you know, and they sent me to this recovery house. In North Philadelphia, um, like the Strawberry Mansion, you know, end of things. So, I got there and I was a little more prepared, you know, for the environment that I was in. And it was summertime, I'll never forget it.
You know, they just dropped me off there and just left me there. It was me and a couple other girls. And I got there and um, you know, we all went for a walk to the store and there was a group of guys outside and they said, Oh, here come those faggots. We should go beat them up. Something like that they said.
And I was like, Oh my God, like, is this really, really going to leave me? I was so shocked. I can't believe they're gonna leave me here in this environment, you know what I mean? But, this is where the recovery house was. It was in the middle of Strawberry Mansion, in like, one of the worst areas possible. And like, we were expected to just like, live here and like, make it.
And, um, Like, you know, We did, you know, like, we did, we did. And, you know, We had to stay clean and we had to walk back and forth to our outpatient center, which was like a mile away. There wasn't any, like, you know, transportation or anything like that. We had to walk. It was a condition of our housing, basically, was that we attended this outpatient center.
So I did that for a little while and I was doing really well. So I became the house manager of this center. program. I became the Rainbow House Manager. And, uh, I started to get a little more comfortable like in that area, believe it or not. I got really comfortable, I got a little more comfortable with the girls, and you know, I had a lot of them kind of like, Shake me a little bit.
You know what I mean? I dealt with a lot. I dealt with a lot of them taking things from me. Trying to fight me. I had a couple fights with the girls. You know what I mean? Um, I really fought my entire time here. I haven't had, I had some good times here in Philadelphia, but for me it's been very hard. You know what I mean?
Um, Just trying to... Um, to make it and find, find out how I can, cause I never wanted to leave this city, like I've always wanted to stay. Um, cause I feel like there's something greater for me here eventually, you know? So, I eventually started working at this program as a receptionist. Um, and, you know, things just got better for me.
My experience here has just been very hard. It's been a struggle. It's been a struggle for me to stay afloat, you know. Then I had to start getting into other things. Like, I worked at this program and then I started to become, I was sexually abused by like my therapist there. And, um, I started escorting and prostituting.
It was a lot for me. And I had a really tough time here. I'm sorry about that. Yeah, it's
okay. So, um,
It was really hard for me to, like, stay clean and figure out, like, how I could pass. Because going back home wasn't really an option for me. Like, I really had no home to go back to. And this was just it for me. So I, I stayed in that program and I worked in that program, but the whole time like I was being taken advantage of by my therapist and um, I was being sexually harassed constantly at that, at that job by men, by the founder of that program.
Do you know what I mean? But I had nowhere else to go. You know what I mean? I didn't, I had no other option. I had to stay there. So, um, I mean, eventually, I ended up relapsing. I ended up relapsing. And I ended up, um, moving in with my therapist. And then, um,
I don't know, does this relate to the question? Am I going off track? No, no, that's really fine. you want to go. That's really fine. Yeah, so, um, I ended up moving in with her. She was, um, Um, a lesbian woman. Um,
can we talk about a different question? I don't know that I can keep talking about this.
[00:15:51] Caitlyn: What have been some important
[00:15:53] Nikki: sources of support for me? Um,
I would say,
myself. I really, I can rely on myself a lot. You know, like if I,
I've been really, I'm really smart, like I have a really good, like, I'm really aware of like what's, like, I'm a survivor, do you know what I mean, like I'm very like, street smart. I'm very aware of like, like what to do in certain situations. So I've been able to rely on myself. My mother has been... Um, a good support for me, but then again, like, she hasn't either, so, I, I think, um, I've been able to use my supports, um, when they've been a really good support for me at that time, um, but they haven't always been, um, a good support for me, like, um, my best friend Vicky, she's been a good support for me at times.
But then again, she's backed out and she hasn't been a good support for me. So God, I, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm a Christian. I pray a lot. You know, I'm led by God. Um, you know, the Morris home for me, I have so many mixed feelings about the Morris home. Um, and I don't want to speak badly about the Morris home, but I don't have a whole lot of great, great things to say about the Morris home.
You want, you know, there's no limitations. You don't have to be, um, you know, so like,
I don't know. I just feel like, um, for the more so being what it is, you know? 'cause
you know, they, they put a lot of, uh, emphasis on the Moores home and you know, it being like one of the only trans. Is, uh, you know, rehab level, higher level of care, rehabs, you know, in the country. I just feel like, um, we could have, we, we could get a little more out of it than we do, you know, they could try a little more harder than what they do.
I mean, they get us housing and they get us social security, but, you know, it's like, you know, I got it. So this is my third time in the war, so, Um, so the second time I went to the mor the first time, you know, they had nothing. There was no housing plan for us. There was no discharge plan. You know, they just basically, you just came in and they just found you, like, some people went to shelters afterwards.
Like there was just no plan after that for you. Like I've been, I've been coming to the Morris home probably since the start of it. I mean, after like a year of it was open. Um, and, um.
See, they treat you like, they have these, this way of treating you that's very, I can't describe it, but it's like,
it's very like, um, they have like this power and control thing, like with, with, with members there, and I can only speak for myself, but it's like, it's counterproductive in a way, because, like, Like, there's no, I don't feel like it's a whole lot helpful, like, cause they make you feel like, you know, you, you really need to stay there because they help you with housing and they try to help you with income and that's really what we, we want as trans women because it's so hard for us to get jobs.
Or to, you know, when you come from a place where you, all you've done your whole life was figure out, you know, you, when you, when you come from a family where they don't really, you know, for me, like my family didn't want to financially support me after I came out as being trans, like there was no financial support for me.
So I tried prostitution initially and I got arrested at like 15 years old and I went to a juvenile detention center. And then after that, like I said, okay, well this might not be for me cause I don't want to get arrested and go to jail. So then I got into retail theft. I got into retail theft, like really, really heavy.
I got into that really heavy. I would steal clothes from me. I would steal stuff so that I could have clothes, literally. Um, cause my family did not buy me anything. The only thing they would buy me was boy stuff. And I did not want to wear boy clothes. So that's how I was able to wear clothes and have makeup and have the things that I needed was to go out and steal them.
And it just progressed from there. And as I got older, I needed to survive, I would sell the stuff that I would steal. So I got better and better at it, and into it more deeply. So I would go and I would take orders from different people that I knew and friends and stuff like that. And I would literally go and I would shop with and steal, almost like it was a job, like people who went to work.
You know, that was my survival. You know, I, I have my experience of prostitution. But, you know, I'm also a victim of rape. You know, like, a very traumatic rape. You know, many times. And, um, it was just something for me that I couldn't really do. So, I had to find other ways to survive, you know. So, um, that was my thing, you know.
So, the second time I came back, um, they said that they had housing, you know, for me. And, so I was like, oh, wow, okay. I stayed. But there was this, this, this, they do this thing to you where they, they don't really provide you with a whole lot of, like, um, help. Like, they don't, they don't help you with, like, your mental health too much, I would say.
Or they don't really help build a whole lot of social skills or a whole lot of, like, um, They don't, you know, like, we need help, like, to be able to, like, live in the real world. You know, and they don't really help you with that. Like, they make promises to do that, but for some reason they don't. And, I feel like, you know, if we did more things together as like a group, you know, that we would have a better chance to, you know, get out and make it.
You know, cause when I got out, and they gave me an apartment. It didn't do anything, like I had an apartment and all my bills were paid, like I didn't pay no rent, no nothing. And, it was just as if nothing ever happened. Like my, my drug use just was the same. Like I went and I just, I never even lived at the apartment.
I just went and, you know, just did drugs all the time. And just, you know, a lot of us just did the same thing. You know, we just never... It was just a mess for me. And then I came back this third time and now they're saying they can give us income but I feel like I need more life skills like life skills to be able to I don't know how to explain it.
I think maybe right now I've been really confused and have a hard time putting things together but I really want to figure out how I can live in The community, without having to feel like I have to live like in a survival mood type of way, you know? Um, and I don't feel like I've been prepared for that, you know?
And I'm about to leave soon, and I don't really feel ready or prepared. I have like a month left, you know? So it's pretty scary, but you know, I'm doing the best I can. I've gained like 80 pounds, 90 pounds since I've been there, you know? So it's just really tough. But what was your question? I, you know, if we 
[00:24:04] Caitlyn: can go, Oh, the question we started with was like, um, any, like, support that you, 
[00:24:10] Nikki: Support, right.
So, um, I've been to, um, JJPI, uh, with trauma therapy and stuff like that. And that was, that was pretty good. You know, I would like to go back there. You know, I think the support with me would, would lie in, you know, treatment for my mental health and, you know, So I can figure out what it is that I need to do exactly so that I don't go into a place where I need to, you know, add substances to function, if that makes 
sense.
Well, my relationship with substances has
gotten worse over the years, just because I feel like it has. It's almost like a band aid on things, you know, like it helps me be able to cope with things emotionally. Um, but you know, I, I heard this thing the other day, it's like, we, you know, we love to love what destroys us because I never really understood why, you know, I had this relationship with substances like that.
That was just so intense. And so, you know, um, I got, was in love with it. And it's because. You know, of this love relationship, love hate relationship that I have with drugs, you know. And I'm really ready to just stop using drugs because there was a time, you know, that I was in college, you know, that I, you know, was in nursing school twice, you know what I mean?
Um, I, I have had jobs in the past, you know. I, I've had a couple of jobs. different times in my life where I was doing really well and I was headed in the right direction. But, you know, I feel like, um, there have been some, you know, relationship issues that I've had, like with men, either that were abusive or I didn't really know how to handle certain situations.
And I just kind of like turned to drug use. to kind of like cope with it and deal with it and you know, being trans, it's kind of like hard. It's like, you know, it's hard to access things a little bit, you know, especially when you're not aware that they're there, you know, like when I got help in 2015, I really feel like that's when I was aware that I could get specialized help.
Like, you know, you don't want to really go to rehab when you feel like you have to go and be with men when you're really, um, Um, feeling like in a position where, okay, well, I feel like, um, I'm, I'm a transgender woman and I've got, you know, all this stuff going on with me and I don't want to be placed with men.
I don't want to, you know, have to deal with that and deal with that embarrassment and being ridiculed and all of that stuff. And for years I dealt with that. You know, I didn't want to deal with that. You know, my name wasn't changed, and I just did not want to deal with having to avoid men or getting raped or having them, you know, try and attack me.
So there's just so many layers to all of the, the pain. You wouldn't even believe the stuff that I've been through all my life. However, not every trans woman goes through some of the things that I went through. Some people have it very easy. And I've never understood that. I've never understood why I have had it so bad.
And I was talking to a friend last night on the couch and I said, you know, My life is halfway over. You know, I'm almost 40 years old. I have like 15 more years, good more years in my life to like have a life. You know, and to have fun. And I really want to have a life and be able to, you know, Build something, work towards something, and not have to, like, worry about coming into another place like this again, you know, or...
And I think I'm really ready to do that this time, but I, I, you know, it seems like I'm having an issue with some of the staff at Morsom right now because, you know, now they're... I feel like they're like a clan and they're coming to attack me. They're like, they're like ganging up on me right now. And it's just like, they do that.
They come at you, you know, and they come at you in a way that they want to like say all this stuff that you're doing wrong. And yeah, okay, but like, how can you help me like build up myself up? Like they have a terrific way to tell you everything that you're doing wrong, but they, there's really no great plan on how to To fix it, if that makes any sense, you know?
So, um, I'm just trying to stay focused and stay, um, Very positive and very intentional in how I'm moving and doing things so that I can, you know, really live my best life for the next 10 to 15 years while I'm still young and can really move about, you know, a certain way so that I can enjoy this big city that I've always wanted to enjoy because I really do like Philadelphia even though I've had a very hard time here.
I don't really have a whole lot of nice things to say because I haven't really had a whole lot of nice experiences. You know what I mean? My life has really been bad. Thank you so much 
[00:29:37] Caitlyn: for sharing all that. It sounds like a lot. I'm sure 
[00:29:45] Nikki: that will come to good people.
It's amazing. 
[00:29:48] Caitlyn: Yeah, and like, you're doing great right now. Yeah, I'm trying to do as 
[00:29:52] Nikki: good as I can. Do 
[00:29:54] Caitlyn: you want to share anything about like, what do you want to do possibly in the future? Like maybe some job? 
[00:30:01] Nikki: I am really passionate about doing hair and hairdressing and stuff like that. Like, I'm really good in that area.
Um, I do a lot of my girlfriend's hair, and I am self taught, you know what I mean? Like, I am really good at cutting hair, coloring hair, I'm really good at hair weaves, and making wigs, and I just am very passionate about that. I'm very much of a DIY person. I can do, make anything. I can do anything. I really can do a lot of different things.
Um, I do sewing a lot. Sewing. Um, I, I like to see myself, uh, go and get like a, a cosmetology certificate. I like to see myself, um, do hair either in a salon or I like to see myself possibly do something like either on YouTube. I like to see myself, um, Possibly having a business, you know, my own salon, something like that.
Um, I'm just like, I'm kind of a girly girl in that way. Like, you know what I mean? Like I love makeup. I love hair. I love clothes. Do you know what I mean? Um, and I really like to do other people's hair and I really like to do other people's makeup and stuff like that. So, I really want to do that. Would do that.
That sounds really cool. 
[00:31:37] Caitlyn: Do you wanna share 
[00:31:37] Nikki: a little bit more about how you got interested in that? Well, like I said, you know, um, I didn't have a whole lot of resources when I was younger, so I would have to take, um, anything that I could find and I would have to make it work, you know? So if that meant, you know, taking.
Um, an old wig that I found of my grandmother's or if I had to take a pencil this big that my aunt, you know, didn't really, you know, realize that she had an account and I remember there was a, we will have these medicine cabinets in our house and there was this little tiny eye pencil that was stuck in the track where the mirror is.
You know how they have a The medicine cabinet and there's a track that the mirror is on like if you slide it this way And there was an eye pencil that was stuck in there and I was like, I know that they don't really realize that this is stuck inside of the Thing there because you really couldn't it was in the middle.
It wasn't like it was stuck on where the window I mean the glass was so I took it and I would use that for my eyeliner For a while I used that pencil. It must have been about that big. And, you know, I made that work for a long time. And I would just find little things and I would, you know, collect them.
And, you know, my grandmother would throw out a wig or somebody would, you know. And I would watch the trash can and, you know, they would take the trash out and, you know, wait for them. And go out and open up the trash and take the wig back and go to my room and I would hold on to it. It was an older looking wig so I would open it up and like, you know, fix it a certain way and I would use it for a ponytail and, you know, stuff like that.
Like I had to be very, um, you know what I mean, resourceful in that way for a very long time. Um, and it just was no other way to, um, to do it, you know, and I would have to literally pack a bag. You know, go to school and then I have to go and hang out down at the Civic Center, you know, in Massachusetts. And that was my time to put on girls clothes.
I would go into the food court and I would go into the bathroom and I would change into my stuff and put my hair on. And I would just hang out in the food court and walk around like that. And I really felt good doing it, you know. And I did that for a long time. In middle school and in like my first year in high school I did that.
And so I really couldn't do it anymore, you know, I was a little older and just more people my age were out and about and it just wasn't, you know, working, but I kind of gradually then, um, was more out because, you know, I started to grow my hair a little longer. I started to dress more feminine and I really kind of pushed it onto my family and people I went to school with, uh, dyed my hair blonde.
You know, so it was very, very obvious that I was gay, and that I was transitioning, somehow, some way, a very awkwardly way, but I was doing it the best way I knew how, you know?
[00:34:53] Caitlyn: Do you a little bit about, like, how it seems like you enjoyed makeup a lot, and then you had a lot of hair, and stuff like that? Do you think, like, your relationship with your body, and like, your, the way you look, like, physical attributes kind of changed over time? 
[00:35:09] Nikki: They did, um... That's also strange because, um, I started to go for hormones, I would say, when I was about 17.
I went and seen an endocrinologist. So I called up and I asked how I could see it. endocrinologist and they said that I would have to go and see a therapist first and you know, get that. So I did that and I kind of avoided my family when I did that. So I kind of did it on my own and I seen, you know, a therapist at the child guidance clinic for a whole year and after that I got the letter and I remember seeing this doctor's name.
I will never forget his name. His name was Dr. Angelides and he was an endocrinologist. And I started to go and see him, and he wasn't a fan of prescribing hormones, but he did it anyway. You know, and I went and seen him, and he prescribed, and back then you had to actually pay more for, you had to, I think it was like 138, it was something like that, for a vial of the, um, I forgot what the brand name was, but it was, it was a brand, a particular brand name that they sold it in.
Um, Oh God, I wish I could remember. But anyways, I don't know how I would get the money, the 138 for that medication. But I ended up getting it. And um, I would get it, and get it, and get it. But that's why my, my um, my history with hormones was so broken up. Was because it costs, you know, money. And I had Medicaid in Massachusetts and it just wasn't covering.
The, I wish I could remember the name of the medication, the hormones that they gave me back then. But it was definitely, you know, an oil, the same way it is now. It was a shot. Um, but it just, the insurance was not covering it like it does now. And um, I wish I could remember the name of that. Um, so that's why it was so, you know what I mean, broken up.
And I always thought that was the reason why my breasts never really Developed like everybody else's, cause I didn't really have breasts until I went and got surgery. Once I got surgery on my breasts, that's when I had breasts, but this is my second breast, second set, that's a whole nother story, that's my second set of breast implants.
I had lost a breast for a while, you know, um, so I had little tiny buds, and um, never really got anything, so I said, you know what, This is not working. The hell with it. You know, I'm not really getting any results with the hormones, so I stopped. And that's why when I came here and I seen all these girls with these big boobs and, you know, big butts and stuff like that, I said, well, I'd like to know how they got the result and I didn't.
And I, well, I kind of figured it was because I wasn't consistent with taking my hormones. Um, Um, but then, you know, that's one thing I can say with the Morris home, you know, like they get, there's some things that, you know, like the information you get, you get information from other girls. Like there's some things that I can't really say that they're horrible because in some ways like they help you with your surgeries.
Like I was very sick when I came here this time I had MRSA, um, I almost lost my foot. Um, and I had a MRSA infection. So the MRSA infection that hit me in my foot had traveled up to my right breast because I was in a motor vehicle accident. And I, both of my breast implants were, um, ruptured from the motor vehicle accident.
And, um, unbeknownst to me, I was walking around with ruptured breast implants. And the MRSA traveled to my right breast implant because it had ruptured outside of the, um, I forget how they put it, but it ruptured in a way that the MRSA was able to get to that, that breast. And, um, there was a blood clot in there somehow, so the MRSA reeked for that blood.
And it caused a severe infection inside of my, um, This cavity on my right side and it just got worse and it got worse and I came into the morris home I'm gonna say about July And by October my breast was out to here and it was all here I think Nat was there for that. You were there for that. I was very very sick and Finally they removed my breast my right breast And I was just devastated to think that I may never have a breast again You know, and then I was going to get my breast taken, because that was what I was being faced with, that they were going to have to remove my left one as well, and I was going to have no breasts, and I just, you know, was completely falling apart, you know, because I said, well, you know, if I don't have no breasts, you know, at that particular time, I was dealing with this guy who was married, but I had been dealing with him for about eight or nine years, and he He's from Jamaica, a place where they are very, very homophobic, and he's, was very, very unsure of himself, but he was very, very, um, interested in having a transgender woman as his, you know, fantasy, and um, it just got really bad, and um, I just kept praying, and you know, I gotta go through all these testings, and And finally, you know, once that breast was out and they flushed all that infection, I had to wait about two months and I was on antibiotics forever, you know, and finally I went back and they replaced both of my breast implants, but they never were the same.
I mean, they're okay, but they're not like my first set of breast implants. I'm just because I had so much scar tissue that MRSA left so much scarring on the inside of my body. It just left a scar on the inside of me from the infection. But they did give me new breast implants and they are pretty good but they're just not like my first set.
You know, but I'm just thankful that I was able to even get my breast implants back again because there was definitely a minute there where they were not sure. 
[00:42:00] Caitlyn: When did you first become aware of gender, sexuality or anything like that?
[00:42:05] Nikki: So, I want to say when I was about, um, maybe like 12. Well, I, I knew that I was different always. I just knew that I wasn't like, My cousin, Bradley, or my cousin, Mikey. I just always knew I wasn't like them, but we're very different in my family. You know, we're always, we're very close knit. So when, you know, I was about 14, I want to say I kind of like had some type of You know, encounter with like my cousin that was a little weird, a little strange.
And after that I said, Oh, I'm going to be, I want to be a girl. I said, I want to be, but I didn't really want to be a girl. I just wanted to be my version of a girl. You know what I mean? It wasn't, it didn't really develop into this whole transgender thing for a while. You know, but like I said, it was a very slow thing.
And I wanted to wear a girl clothes, but I didn't really want to like wear, you know, a full face of makeup or anything like that. I just kind of like wanted to wear a girl things. And my family was just not really, you know, um, but I want to say between like 13, 12, 13, 14, 15, like somewhere in that area was really when I started to like be aware of me wanting to be feminine.
in some way, shape, or form. Um, I always really went, for me, it was like, okay, this is how this is gonna go for me, I believe. Yeah. 
[00:44:01] Caitlyn: Anything you want to share a little bit more about, like, femininity? Like, what do you think it's like, um, 
[00:44:09] Nikki: you like about, like, being feminine?
Um, 
I like about, we know what I like about being feminine is that I just like Like, I love how, it's, I feel like being a woman is very powerful in it's own right.
I feel there's a lot of, there's a lot of room with that, there's a lot of playroom with that. Because it's all about how a person is, you know, you can be a very, um, hard, you know, feminine woman, you can, you know, do very like sporty things, very athletic things and own that and be very natural and not, you know, do makeup and not do, you know, fancy hairdos or not wear fancy flashy clothes and you can just be very much of a natural, you know, Athletic, strong, nice, lean, you know, however, or you can be, you know, a little on the heavier side and still, you know, have like a natural, you know, very earthy, soulful way of being.
Or you can be very, you know, all out, fancy hair, makeup. There's so many different, a woman looks like so many different ways, you know, and I have this conversation a lot with trans. Other trans sisters of mine is like, you know, they say, well, I'm a woman and I say, well, what is a woman to you? You know what I mean?
And I've also had this conversation with my girlfriend who's a cis woman and you know, she kind of feels like, you know, the,
she feels like
the, there's no, there's no sacred, there's no sacred, there's no. She feels like her womanhood has been taken away from her with this whole, you know, trans, you know, she feels like the trans, we've infiltrated, you know, the whole cis womanhood thing. And it's like, it's like, well, what do, she's like, well, what do we have now?
It's been, you know, it's all trans this and trans that and, you know. Women this and women that. It's like, but now what do we have? Like what are we just like, you know? And I, and I was just trying to explain to her, I said, you know, it's not that I feel like we as trans people are trying to like be cis women.
I said, we're just trying to be record recognized as women as well, because we don't want to be recognized. I said, it's really just that simple. It's not really as complicated as you're making it. I said, we don't want to be recognized as men. So we want to be recognized as women. That's all. I mean, I don't know that it's any more deeper than that.
You know, I said, I think the majority of, majority of us know and, you know, own that we're trans women, of course, but we don't want to be put into a box or called. Men, ultimately, or, you know, I, I think that's very unfair to like put us in that, you know, category. And she's like, well, what about the swimmer who, you know, beat the, the female in the swimming competition?
And I said, well, then, you know, I think that that's very, you know. That makes a lot of sense. I mean, you know, the numbers spoke for themselves. I do definitely think that there should be a whole trans category for that. But, I still think you're comparing apples to oranges. I mean, you know what I mean? Just because a swimmer, you know what I mean?
Kind of like, out swam a cisgender female doesn't make them a man. You know what I mean? Like, I don't know. I just feel like we try to put too many labels on things and we end up hurting people. You know? Um, but we can definitely be a little more nice and a little more gentle with people because, um, you know, we don't know what people walk away and feel or how a person may walk away and, you know, think or do, you know, after we have an interaction or a conversation with someone, you know.
Um, and I just think that from day to day we can all get along. Be better people just by treating people a little bit nicer, you know, because we all want to go through this world and you know not have that um, that negative type of karma or that evil type of, you know, karma on our shoulder because you know, we want to make another person feel bad or feel like they need to understand or learn our Uh, what we meant or what we mean to say or, or, or push our belief system on someone else.
I think that's just a terrible way to be, you know, I may believe, you know, in one thing, but I don't have to make that other person believe that to be true. You know, I may believe that the sky is red and the other person may believe the sky is blue, but I don't have to beat that person in the head. That the sky is red, just because the sky is really red, but they think it's blue, you know what I mean?
Like, if a person wants to think the sky is blue, I think that that's within their right. I don't have to tear them down and hurt their feelings because the sky is really red. Do you know what I mean? But who would say the sky, who would say the sky really isn't red? Just because I see it and it's red.
Maybe I'm wrong. You know what I mean? So, I think, um, a lot of people go out of their way just to intentionally hurt others. You know? And I experienced that a lot in my life. And I've also experienced it in a reversed way. I've been hurt, so now I want to hurt others. You know, um, a lot of us feel that way.
Trans women, you know, we've been hurt so deeply that now we want to hurt other people and we want to hurt ourselves. You know, we want to hurt other trans and we want to hurt other people, other cis people as well, you know. Um, there's a lot of abuse within the trans community because, you know, we've been so abused.
that, you know, we, we want to stay protected and, you know, we just lash out at anyone, you know.
[00:50:21] Caitlyn: What was that like, how, like, your relationship with them?
[00:50:25] Nikki: With cis women and cis men? With, like, 
[00:50:28] Caitlyn: just girls, like, 
[00:50:29] Nikki: and you? Oh yeah, I mean, I love all types of people. I've never had any type of, you know, negative, uh, thought or, you know, I've never felt any type of malice. I do have a really issue, I have issues with cis men only because I've had so much trauma by cis men.
Like I do tend to feel really uncomfortable around cis men just because of the trauma that I've, you know, endured around cis men and especially with being raped, you know, as being
Um, I've had a lot of trauma. You know, I've been almost killed. I've been choked. I've been, you name it. This happened to me here in Philadelphia. But, um, as far as like having any type of hatred or anything like that, I don't have that. You know, I think, um, we should all, like I said, have an understanding that we Are all people, you know.
But, um, I do have issues with men and feeling comfortable around men, you know. Thanks. Um, do 
[00:51:42] Caitlyn: you feel comfortable, do you wanna share any, like, favorite experiences from the city? Because you mentioned like you want to enjoy the city more, 
[00:51:48] Nikki: you like, I like, um, the, the market downtown, what do they call that?
Um, the Italian market. The Italian, the Italian market. And like the other thing, um, what is that? Race Street is down there. Oh, do you mean 
[00:52:04] Caitlyn: the old train station? 
[00:52:08] Nikki: No, it's the other thing, it's um, I don't know what it's at, but it's just, I like the food. I love the different options for food. I love... Reading Terminal.
Reading Terminal, that's it. Reading Terminal. Reading Terminal is probably one of my favorite places because they have all the different types of restaurants and all the different food places here in Philadelphia that kind of like have a little You know, uh, restaurant or a little store that they bring their different foods to that you can try out and taste.
And I love the food here in Philadelphia. I love the buildings are magnificent. They're old, they're well kept. Um, uh, there's so many things, there's so many places. I mean, the other night we walked past a karate studio where this guy was like some, some, like, big deal. He's like something. I'm a big deal karate teacher and like when you looked into the karate, um, studio, it looked like one of those karate studios in the movie just by the way that, you know, there's just so much here to look at and, you know, be involved in and I love this city so much and I'm so happy to live here.
You know, have access to all these different wonderful things every street, you know, there's just something every street here You can never be bored here and there's so much free stuff the theaters the arts, you know you got the Kimmel Center and you got all these different places that have free shows and You can never be bored here.
And that's why I can't wait to move out and onto my own place and you know Just get the chance to like, you know Go out on my own You know, take advantage, you know, the library has a sewing class that they have that's free. Um, tonight they have a class called Sew What? It's called Sew What? And they have it on Tuesdays and they have it on Thursdays.
And you go into the library and it's so old and it's so preserved. And then they have the museum not too far away from here. And JFK, there's just so much to experience here. This is a wonderful city. I just think you have to know how to navigate it. You know what I mean? And, and, and I know how to navigate it.
You just have to be very careful. You have to be wise and not get into drugs because once you're into drugs, I think that that says a whole nother, you give off a whole nother vibe and you attract a different type of attention. You know what I mean? And that's when it becomes very unsafe. 
[00:54:37] Caitlyn: I think...
I mean, would you feel comfortable talking about incarceration 
or... 
[00:54:42] Nikki: I've never been incarcerated, just as a juvenile. Just juvenile. I went into that juvenile detention center for that one, um... Um, time when I, um, was picked up for prostitution, and I think I was like 15, um, I tried, you know, prostituting in my hometown a little bit, cause there, there's some of that there.
Um, and fortunately for me, that was like my only time really being incarcerated. And then I had another time, actually, let me stop. I had another time, um, but it was only for like six months. Um, I had a receiving stolen property charge, um, but I, I don't have a significant history with, with incarceration, thank God.
Um, I was able to like, kind of avoid that situation and the whole probation thing and all that. And you know, frankly, I want to keep it that way, you know, so I, I've only been caught with the retail thefting one time and I kind of was just like, you know, they kind of just let me go. I gave them their stuff and I just left.
Yeah. Yeah. And I have surprisingly, you know, enough because as much as stuff as I've, you know, boosted it, you know, it's very, yeah. Um, I guess, like, the other thing 
[00:56:01] Caitlyn: I'd ask is, like, how would you characterize, like, Morris Home's place in Philadelphia's, like, trans history? 
[00:56:08] Nikki: So, Morris Home, and you know, this is what I don't get, is Morris Home is significant because the majority of the trans brothers and sisters who are on drugs go into the Morris Home, and Morris Home has this reputation that they really don't do shit.
Excuse my French. You know what I mean? And yet they get all this funding and you know, they, they, they, you know, all this Morris home this, Morris home that, and the only time they're really visible is when there's some type of, you know what I mean? Insurance thing, or they've got some people from the city and it's the only time they really bring the girls out to anything, but they're not visible in anything else.
Which is so shocking to me. Like you mean to tell me you've got all this different stuff going on in the city. And the only time you're, you make yourself visible or, you know, the members visible is when there's something going on, you know, in the city that has to do with the city, excuse me, when the city's involved or, you know, when it's about.
Something like trans visibility, but you know, there's nothing or death. There's no black gay pride. There's nothing like that You don't bring us out for that. You don't bring people out to you know, any other type of function You don't bring us to the beach. You don't bring us to the park You don't bring us to nothing like that happens ever.
You don't stick the Morse home out there for nothing And I just think that that's that's really sad because I think that we could be getting so many other resources Then what we're getting, you know, I think if other people, you know, had access to get to learn about the Morris home and the type of people that are at the Morris home, I think more resources will be available to us, possibly supports.
Yeah. So like more integration within the community. Right. I definitely think so. You know, like I have a memory problem, like for my drugs and the car accident and stuff like that. So I have a hard time putting words together now, but um. I think we need to be out there more. Yeah. Um, I guess we'll just like end the interview 
[00:58:19] Caitlyn: with one question.
Are you okay with me? Um, sorry, I'm just trying to be 
close enough. If you wanted people to hear one thing from you, what would it be? 
[00:58:30] Nikki: If I wanted people to hear one thing from me, it would probably be that, um, I feel like, you know, Not everybody has the same opportunities. I think that some people, unfortunately, are just, you know, dealt a bad hand.
You know what I mean? But I feel like if people are nice enough and caring enough to kind of like help each other or help somebody. You know what I mean? Get a little, if you're able to come outside of yourself a little bit. helps another person either with a smile or just to sit down and talk to somebody and kind of, you know, identify with them on some things or maybe help a person, you know, if they need some help, maybe like moving or helping.
Um, somebody, you know, if you have something extra to give away like an air conditioner or just something, you know, if you can give a little bit of yourself to somebody else and make someone else's life better, I think that that's definitely something that, you know, everybody should do because, you know, um, giving a little bit of yourself to help somebody else in this world will definitely make, you know, the world a better place.
There's a lot of selfish people here in this world and, you know, I think that, um, Um, it doesn't allow us to grow as people too much, you know, when we're just holding on and only thinking about ourselves, you know. So thinking about other people, I think, um, if I had to walk away from here, I would say, you know, I, even with the little bit that I have and, you know, the things that happened to me, I'm always thinking about other people and I'm always trying to make someone else's life better because in turn it makes my life better.
Yeah, that's beautiful. Yeah. Thank you so much for being here and sharing all this with us. Yeah. I hope it helps somebody. It'll definitely help somebody. Yeah, thank you so much. That was a great interview. Thank you. 
