---
# text transcript for Interview with K. Silem Mohammad
---

[00:00:00] Karthik: Hello, my name is Karthik, and I'm joined by my professor, Maria Murphy, and I'll be having a conversation today with Paris for the Trans Oral History Project in collaboration with the Center for Research in Feminist, Queer, and Transgender Studies. the William Way LGBT Center, and the Killslack Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts at the University of Pennsylvania.
[00:00:22] This is an oral history project centered on the experiences of trans, non binary, and gender non conforming people. It is April 28th, 2023, and it's being recorded at the Van Pelt Library at the University of Pennsylvania. 
[00:00:35] So, hey Paris. Hi. Would you like to share your name, pronouns, and birthday? 
[00:00:40] Paris: Hi, my name is Paris Nicole Gale.
[00:00:43] Pronouns, she, her, goddess, queen, sister, all those beautiful things, and What else? Um, just, yeah, pronouns and your birthday. 2 22 83 
[00:00:55] Karthik: Fantastic. So, uh, we just wanted to start off this interview very simply and just ask you when and where were you born? 
[00:01:03] Paris: Well, I was born on this little amazing island called Jamaica February 22nd, 83.
[00:01:12] Uh, yeah. 
[00:01:15] Karthik: Yeah, so, um, tell us a little bit about your upbringing and how it was like growing up in Jamaica. 
[00:01:24] Paris: Well, my upbringing, I could say, it was pretty decent, I feel. Of course, a lot of obstacles for me being trans and not knowing, just being feminine and not knowing and A lot of like, oh my god, a lot of trauma there, but overall, I could say from the stories that I've heard from trans people, my childhood wasn't as bad as I thought it wasn't from me and other people.
[00:01:53] Hmm, I see. So, 
[00:01:55] Karthik: um, tell me what's your relationship like with 
[00:01:57] Paris: Jamaica right now? Well right now, I left in the summer of 96 when I was 13 and I haven't been back. Came here illegally. And finally got status in 2011, and right now I'm right in the middle of trying to get my green card still. So it's just a long process of being trans, being homeless, just being...
[00:02:21] An immigrant, and there's really no help for that, so it was very hard, but I was able to find a pro bono lawyer who helped me with the immigration stuff, but it still didn't really set you up for the other stuff, like getting your green card or, you know, stuff like that, and getting a job really, doing how to do a resume, how to fill out, uh, WI 9 or whatever, when you get a job, but, yeah.
[00:02:49] Yeah, um, so, can you talk to me more about 
[00:02:52] Karthik: that, um, specifically the immigration process and its relationship with you being transgender, like how does that complicate things and uh, it seems like you have a lot to say about 
[00:03:02] Paris: that. Oh my god, yeah it's a lot, okay so, alright. I was illegal, and once I started getting help, they basically said you had to be either HIV positive or medically transitioning.
[00:03:15] Which was terrifying for me, even at 27. That's when I medically started transitioning. And I thought about it, I'm like, well, what if I medically transition and I still get deported? What would that look like? And then, why do I need HIV to get help? I'm already here, I've been here since I was 13. What does that look like?
[00:03:32] It made me very depressed, but... My lawyers, shout out to Alex Brody and his wife Kate Brody, amazing pro bono immigration work for the LGBTQIA plus community. Um, so they would help, they would like help me to like, through the whole process and all that stuff. But yeah, it was very depressing going through it.
[00:03:58] Just to... Just wanting to be me in the United States. I didn't ask to be here. My mom just said, come on over. Yeah, it was very hard. And it was a long process. Very traumatic, too. Because I had to relive all my childhood, uh, traumas. Because I was filing for asylum. So basically it was, uh, I'm in fear of my life to go back.
[00:04:21] Now that I'm, now that I'm trans. And yeah, it was, I had to relive all of that. So that was a long process. And I think it's going to start my life story. Yeah, the booklet was very long. But yeah, but eventually, although I'm still going through it, it's going well. I'm glad to hear that. So, 
[00:04:45] Karthik: um, you mentioned that.
[00:04:47] Um, you followed your mother to, um, the United States. So, can you speak to more about how, um, that situation kind of developed in your relationship with her and finding out that you're trans. 
[00:05:00] Paris: If you mind talking about it. Whoa, okay, that's a lot. Okay, so. My mom came here with her boyfriend at the time. And basically, she basically, she was here and she sent for me.
[00:05:14] My mom was also... A drug dealer. So, It was very, my whole family is kind of in that, well, my mom and my dad. Never knew my dad, he died when I was six months. So when I got here with my mom, it was kind of a culture shock. Cause I felt like I was thriving. Although, I couldn't be my trans self. FI was still thriving.
[00:05:39] I was like a per a prefix, like I was almost a head person. , I'm not gonna put a agenda on that. I was als almost a head person. I was very, I was very much thriving. So when I came here from me watching, I'm, I'm gonna get off track 'cause I'm like, so it's so much. But, uh, once I landed in America, I actually came by myself.
[00:06:02] I took a plane by myself along with a flight attendant. And I don't know, I realize I like flying, but once I got here, it was like a culture shock. So I came in summer 96 and I was entered into school fall 96. So that was a culture shock because I feel like Jamaican students, well students in Jamaica and students here, it's like we're able to get by.
[00:06:31] Whipped sometime, not whipped, but we teachers are able to punish us basically and here it's just like oh, they're cursing and Like what's going on? So like a culture shock and kids here like they had BB guns. I was like terrified. I Was terrified. It was a mess. I'm sorry. I'm off topic. Where are
[00:06:50] we? Once I got here, so oh me and my mom so Oh man, that's a long one too. So, my mom was like my best friend from the age of, I want to say, 13 till around 16, when I finally was owning my femininity, I guess. We went from like painting each other nails, where I painted her nails, and playing cards in her bedroom, to her like freaking out when she find women clothing in my room.
[00:07:20] So the relationship definitely took a hit there. We... Kind of stopped speaking for a couple years. And then we started speaking, I guess, from like, 2002. We didn't speak again until 2009. So, a lot happened between then. She also was arrested. And, well, we both was arrested. Our house was like, raided for drugs.
[00:07:46] Really didn't find anything, but, We both was arrested at the time I was 19. And I just remember like being handcuffed and just riding with my mom and us not even saying a word. It was the longest like 20 minute ride ever. And then when she got deported, I felt like the relationship only got better because she kind of needed me, which was kind of depressing.
[00:08:11] So I'm a Pisces and I'm like, Oh my God, that's my mother. I love her. I respect her. She needs anything. I have to just help her out. But, on the other hand, I felt abandoned, of course. And I felt like I had to be the mother, father, brother, sister to, cause she also left like, my mom had six kids, and literally only one of them was left in Jamaica.
[00:08:36] And I was like, the next in line. So I felt like I had to step up, I had to learn how to cook, I had to like, Although I was undocumented, found work under the table, which was a struggle. It was just a whole bunch of mumbo jumbo, and I felt like that was the relationship from her needing me. So, once I started, once I medically transitioned, I kinda just didn't tell anybody.
[00:09:00] I just, okay, shoot me up with my hormones. And then I just added people on Facebook. So, it was, that was dramatic. My mom, rewind, when she found out that the clothing um, Cause my mom was a great Mom, but I don't know. She was a great mother type of thing. So she did the cooking, cleaning. We never needed none of that done, but just a Checking in part of it.
[00:09:28] Like how are you? How's school doing? And I also felt isolated. I'm an old mother. Crazy. I felt like I wasn't a part of the family. Cause my brothers and sisters went to Catholic school. I was in public school. And then we had a ride to their school. I had to walk to my school. So it's just like, I love my mom, but now when I look back at it, I'm like, I kind of felt like the, what's that word for the kids?
[00:09:58] That's like the. Not the outcast, but the black sheep of the family. Kind of felt like the black sheep. And, oh my god. Ding. Light just went off. I felt like I wasn't worthy and, oh my god. So, I carried that light bulb moment. I carried that unworthiness into crazy relationships and stuff, but. Yeah, um, mom is a hard one.
[00:10:26] So where am I with mom? 
[00:10:28] Karthik: Yeah, um, so you just, I mean, you covered a lot there. A lot, it's a lot. Yeah. Um, so if I could talk about a couple specific things. Okay, go. So first when it comes to, I guess, immigration, you mentioned your mother being deported. Yes. So how was like that process for yourself, um, being incarcerated and also dealing with like an undocumented status?
[00:10:49] How'd you 
[00:10:49] Paris: navigate that? Oh, it was terrifying, but... I also knew a little bit about the American law. I knew that they couldn't ask me if I was an immigrant, right? And I, I knew that they couldn't really hold me because I, I was, I wasn't a minor but I wasn't guilty of anything. They basically raided my house.
[00:11:11] And to backtrack a little bit, my uncle who also sold drugs, he had passed away. So we had taken, um, his daughter and her friend and also all his belongings. So I had the basement and it was some paraphernalia just in my vicinity. So that's why I was taken in. But I knew that, so I knew I wasn't going to get deported.
[00:11:30] But I'm also, I was thinking about it, this is my mom's third time getting arrested. So what does that look like? And my sister said bail, and I saw a judge, and I got to go home, but never saw my mom again. Well, in person anyway. Yeah, so, um, 
[00:11:47] Karthik: how'd you keep in contact with her 
[00:11:49] Paris: after you decided to... Facebook, WhatsApp, she'll call, stuff like that.
[00:11:57] I 
[00:11:57] Karthik: see, I see. Um, so just to add, like, dates and locations to everything, so, kind of, which city were you in, like, when this all happened? 
[00:12:05] Paris: Oh, okay, so... I landed at JFK, somebody picked me up, and I came to Philadelphia. So I've been in Philadelphia from 20, um, 20, I moved to Philadelphia in 96, summer 96, and then I moved to New York after my mom got deported like 2003, and I came, 2002, and I came back in 2010.
[00:12:26] So basically Philadelphia. I see, I see. 
[00:12:29] Karthik: So, right around when you graduated, I'm sure that itself is another shock being thrown out into, I guess, More or less the real world. So, kind of give me some, um, Some of the thoughts that are kind of going through your head at the time. And kind of, what you thought were your 
[00:12:45] Paris: next steps.
[00:12:47] Okay, so, oh my, I just love school. So my high school experience was amazing. So when I graduated, I was also, again, . I was doing great. Like I love learning, I love people. So I was doing great. I was a part of the robotics team. I was a part of science fair team in West Philly, high West Philly, high, orange and blue, the order back crew
[00:13:07] So I was in a lot of stuff, but once I graduated it gave you don't have a social, you can't go to college. My friends was going to the Army. They did ROTC. They was in the Navy and I just felt stuck. But, the good thing about that is I found Ballroom. So, it was like, oh my god, it was a whole nother world. So, I was the girl, bringing Ballroom VHS tapes to show my classmates.
[00:13:36] Boogin down the hallways. Everybody, it was amazing. So, but it was disappointing not to be able to take the next steps. Cause right now, I'm now 40. Hello? 40. And I still don't have a college diploma. Like, and I felt like it was the card I was dealt. And people were like, oh, you could go back. But I felt like when I was in my prime and my brain was working, I didn't have the traumas, you know?
[00:14:02] I felt like I would have benefited better if I went straight into college. So it was kind of depressing, but... Ballroom. It just gave me like, oh my god, it's not college, but I'm learning. You learn how to navigate the scene, and the drugs, and the parties, and, uh. It's a lot to navigate, but yeah, that was my college, Ballroom University.
[00:14:29] So, 
[00:14:30] Karthik: um, yeah, you said you love learning and that Ballroom University was obviously huge for 
[00:14:36] Paris: you. So, can you talk 
[00:14:37] Karthik: just a little bit more about, kind of, Um, What drew you even there in the first place? And kind of, um, what was like that first thought in your mind to being like, Yeah, I want 
[00:14:49] Paris: to come back here.
[00:14:51] Okay, so, I had a friend. Um, And he's like, well, let's go to the attic. I'm like, what's the attic? And he was just like, like an after school program or whatever. And I'm like, we went there and And I was like, well, who is that? I met a trans woman and I was just like, Oh, okay. And it was just stuff that they gave you tokens.
[00:15:15] We had refreshments and I just, I instantly felt at home. It was just like, they were talking my language, but I didn't know the language and they were voguing and it was just, I don't know. What was the question? Cause I'm, it's happy memories. You got to keep me on track. Yeah. Yeah. 
[00:15:33] Karthik: So, I mean, first off, can you just.
[00:15:36] Define in your own words what, like, a ballroom is and what voguing is. And then the question I asked before was, what made 
[00:15:43] Paris: you want to keep coming? Okay, okay, so I, I basically instantly, now that I think about it, I found community, right? So I found community, and I found people who basically kind of look like me.
[00:15:56] Um, and coming from Jamaica where... Jamaican saw my femininity. I felt like everybody there was a little feminine or masculine or, and nobody cared. So coming from an island like Jamaica and being like 17, 18 in a space where trans and queer people were celebrated and not looked at like, Oh my God, what are you doing?
[00:16:17] And oh my God, what are you doing that? And why are you wearing a dress? It just felt like home. It felt like community. That's why I went back. And ballroom... It's family, it's love, it's, you know, every family has drama and hurt and all that stuff. But it's all that, but in a pretty rainbow ball. Where we just all come and shine and vogue and bring our talents.
[00:16:43] I'm a fashion girl, so that's what drew me to ballroom. The fashion aspect of it, the glitz and the glam. Feathers, beads, and all that stuff back in the 90s. Yeah, it's amazing. 
[00:16:56] Karthik: Yeah, so, um, do you still find yourself going back to ballrooms, uh, 
[00:17:01] Paris: right now? Yes, it's actually a ball tomorrow. I probably want to attend, but now, uh, from coming into the scene and like learning and watching so much and Now that I transitioned, I want to be my best trans self when I step on a ballroom floor, but I'm a avid spectator when it's in Philadelphia or New York.
[00:17:21] I don't really travel too far because it's all over the world now. When I started, it was VHS and tri state area. Now it's Japan. It was a ball in Paris. I have to go there one day, but I go when I can. And plus now it went from like 15, 20. Now the ballroom could go for 40, 50, 60 dollars now, so. That's also, but yeah, I'll go.
[00:17:44] I like to enjoy ballroom once in a while. 
[00:17:47] Karthik: Yeah, that's all very good to hear. So I know that kind of giving back to the community and especially Um, helping young trans people out is one of the biggest things to you. Um, so, how does that relate to the ballroom scene and, um, How do you see that you were accepted as a young trans person then and how things are kind of 
[00:18:08] Paris: going now?
[00:18:09] Oh my god. So, oh my god. So right now my job, we can talk about the jobs, right? Right now I'm at the Morris Home. Morris Home is, I think, is the only in house rehab. facility for trans people. And it was like, like I said, I'm a fashion girl. So I did retail. I was a retail. Give me Macy's, give me Zags, give me Lauren Taylor.
[00:18:34] But the pandemic hit and it was like a big reset. So, and I've always been giving back. I've been to Lobby Day in D. C. Like, uh, I was a part of one of the, I was one of the, like, the first Members of this beautiful trans, group of trans girls called Sisterly Love. Shout out to Lisa, Laura, Samantha, all those people.
[00:18:56] So once I found community, right, take me back to the attic. I always wanted to be that first trans girl that I saw. Amina, shout out to Amina. Where she was just there, helping kids after school. I just always saw myself giving back that way, so. Pandemic hit, all stores were closed, I had to reset my life, and Lisa, who I used to hang out with, she used to run the Sisterly Love, um, group.
[00:19:25] They actually, um, reached out cause I was donating some, I was doing some spring cleaning over COVID and I donated like a whole lot of stuff to the Morris home. She's like, well, Hey parents, are you working? I'm like, no girl. I haven't worked since the pandemic. She was like, well, they were like, uh, do you want to come work?
[00:19:41] I'm like, where, where? She's like, Oh, I'm at the Morris home. All right. So put an application and I ended up getting the job, but it hit close to home because A few years prior to that, one of the first girls I met on the scene, she kind of overdosed. So, it was just like, you know what? I'll take it. And I've been there two years, and it's been great.
[00:20:06] So, I just always thought of the first person I met and how at home I felt. And I always wanted to give back. But my goal is to probably... Have like a shelter? But not specifically. Trans, yeah, but I just want a shelter for anybody who's homeless. And I want, like, in house lawyers for, uh, immigration stuff.
[00:20:32] Basically everything. I was abused at one point, so I want everything in one kind of... Jumbo, hopefully. But yeah, I just always, I'm a Pisces, we give back. And that's just how I look at it. I want to make everybody happy. Well, that's hard, but at least some of my happiness probably will rub off. Yeah, no, 
[00:20:53] Karthik: that's, that's great and it's very, very noble of you to care about those things.
[00:20:58] Yeah. Um, so I guess something that I wanted to ask kind of was, um, Your role in the Morris home and also you mentioned, um, that drugs were a big part of the ballroom. Um, so kind of what is your relationship, um, if you don't mind me asking, um, with those things and also something that maybe you want to kind of part advice to or kind of give, um, kind of give your perspective on the relationship between the ballroom.
[00:21:26] And drugs? Um, well there could be use of drugs or it could be kind of like, um, How you see it, um, impacting, uh, the ballroom and how your perspective is 
[00:21:38] Paris: being at the Morrison. So my perspective of drugs and ballroom and... And also just 
[00:21:45] Karthik: in general, um, like if you were to give advice to, like, your younger self or something.
[00:21:52] Paris: About drugs? Yeah, about drugs. Oh. Well, you know. Drugs and ballroom. I don't know because for me, just being in the building was enough. Yeah. I may have took a little, some, a cup of puffs of pot or have a cocktail. But for me, just being in the building, I think I'm just, is it a empath? I just like to be around happy people doing happy things.
[00:22:21] Some of 'em might be drugs, but I'm not a drug person. 'cause I was also, it's so much, drugs is a, is a crazy thing 'cause my mom sold drugs and then, uh. A friend of mine, she did cocaine and I just remember walking down an avenue in Southwest Philadelphia and her nose was bleeding like, and she didn't know it.
[00:22:40] So I was kind of like scared straight from my mom selling drugs and seeing that and then seeing her. So by the time I hit ballroom and saw those things, I was like, wow. But from having conversation with those people, they said they needed that. These lights and it's a runway and the drugs kind of ease that edge.
[00:23:03] But then also, ballroom and sex work and then the rich men or rich women feeding you drugs type of thing. So that's like a crazy, crazy slope. But for me, I don't know, for my younger self, I wouldn't change anything, cause I'm an observer. Um, I've always been street smart. So when I stepped on the scene, not the attic, but the actual gayborhood, I just used to just go and like tip my toe and then watch.
[00:23:31] So that's what I would give, not my younger self, but younger trans and queer people. I say you need to... Get off the apps and really experience that stuff, but just watch and see how to navigate those spaces. Cause drugs is always gonna be, especially now with the opioids and all the stuff killing people is always gonna be a thing.
[00:23:52] It's just how you navigate it. Me personally, um, I wake up happy, kinda. And if I'm not happy, I do affirmations and I do say silly stuff. Make yourself, I, I hate being in a funk. So, it just... I'm worthy, I'm happy, make yourself smile somehow, and yeah. But yeah, drugs is definitely wreaking havoc still, all these years.
[00:24:16] Yeah, 
[00:24:17] Karthik: so, um, quickly, what are some affirmations that you say to yourself? I mean, I know you just said like, yeah, I'm happy, and like, 
[00:24:23] Paris: if you don't mind sharing. I don't know. You're worthy. You could do it, get on up, get on out. Silly stuff, just silly stuff. It don't have to be serious affirmations sometimes, not all the time, but just silly stuff to, if you wake up and you're in a funk, like, you know, smile a while.
[00:24:42] Be silly about it, you know. Nothing really too serious sometimes. So, 
[00:24:48] Karthik: um, were you in Philadelphia, um, like your whole life, basically, as in, like, kind of 
[00:24:53] Paris: when you moved to the United States? Yeah, I from 96, like I says, to 2002, so gonna backtrack. So mom got deported. Mm-Hmm. . So we had to pack up all our belongings, which was sad.
[00:25:06] So we packed up everything. We had to move. The landlord said we had to go. So mom is still in jail. Mind you, no dad. And the only other relative was my uncle. Who died a couple months prior to my mom getting deported and stuff like that. So it was basically Had to go so we packed our stuff up and my sister who's like right above me.
[00:25:28] She's a third child Still was selling drugs and she had this little apartment. So, me, uh, six of us, one is in Jamaica, minus me, and four brothers and sisters and two nephews in a one bedroom apartment. And, oh my god, my sister basically just said, look, here go a gallon of milk, some chicken and a box of cereal, and left us.
[00:25:55] So, that was crazy. Then, I guess, I don't know, people are just, I'mma call her evil, you're evil. I felt like she was evil. I felt like, she basically said we were spoiled when my mom was here, so she's gonna teach us a lesson, which was weird. So I basically, like I said, had to find under the table work. And once she saw that I was thriving with the kids, cause they got kicked out of the prestigious Catholic school.
[00:26:26] So now they had to go to public school. But I'm like, you know what? I bet you if I talk to these people, they will probably get like a scholarship. Cause my mom, she put like four or five kids through that school. So I went and I talked to Sister Constance at St. Francis de Sales. Who ended up giving me my first legit job.
[00:26:45] Well, not legit. It was still under the table. Shout out to Sister Constance and Sister Jeanette, St. Francis DeSales. So basically I went and I talked to Sister Constance and immediately it was just a support and like getting food for the family and type of thing. And she was like, you know what, I have food and we also have, they have like this house across the street where they have furniture and dishes and stuff.
[00:27:11] And it was around Thanksgiving. I'm like, oh my God. I got fine china for Thanksgiving. I was so excited. So she kind of helped them out and I got them in school. So I felt like once my sister saw that, you know what, we weren't sad and we were thriving. She basically decided to throw me out. And she was also in the rainbow.
[00:27:31] She was a les she is a lesbian. So, 2002. In the winter cold. It was like a week before Thanksgiving. I was homeless for the first time in America. Oh, that was a shock. So here I am with my fine china. Like, oh my god, DVDs. It was like four bags of DVDs. Another trick I learned from Ballroom was, oh, can I, oh, it's not.
[00:28:01] Credit card stuff. So I used to order Columbia House DVDs. So I had three bags of DVDs, four bags of clothes. Cause Ballroom also, if you watch Pose, like we're like heavy on. We're oldest going into stores and so I had all these clothes and stuff. So once she saw that I was starving, she threw me out. So I was basically eating Sunday dinner.
[00:28:22] Rice and peas. Oh my god. Jerk barbecue chicken and steamed cabbage on my sister's step. Cause once she threw me out, I didn't know where I was gonna go. But I felt like you were so evil. Like, I just felt like I can't even be around you. So instantly, I was homeless. But the thing about it is I'm a great person.
[00:28:44] I knew I had to start. Cause in Jamaica, you're taught not to beg. You're not beggy beggy. So much Jamaican saying not beg and all that stuff. But I feel like there's nothing wrong with asking for help. So I just rolled out my Rolodex and started hi, hi, hi. So the crazy part about it is, oh my gosh, she just passed away.
[00:29:08] Yvonne Ferez. Oh, it was a great lady who my mom sold crack cocaine to. But she just always was amazing to me. So I reached out to her. And I'm like, Yvonne, hello, she threw me out. What am I gonna do? And she was working for Dr. Azad Khan on 64th and Elmwood at the time and she's like, you know what, you could come in here, bring your stuff to my house, and I don't know if I could put you up, but you could store your stuff at my house, and you could sleep, so I slept in this doctor's office, and I used the internet, and I was finding men that I could just spend time with, I was just using resources, and again, ballroom, and Sex work wasn't on the menu as yet.
[00:29:58] I just never wanted to be like my trans friends. When I was comfortably in my mom's, under my mom's roof, a couple of my trans friends, just backtracking a little bit, involved in sex work. And I never quite got it until I had to do it, which was sad. But, uh, I never wanted to just jump right into that, cause...
[00:30:18] Coming from Jamaica, I just always knew hard workers. My grandmother, she had... One and a half leg and she still made pocketbooks and still, I just always knew the hustle. So I knew sex work was an outlet, but I didn't want to jump right into it. So Yvonne gave me a job, gave me a place to stay. But then I knew I couldn't come and go, right?
[00:30:40] So it was just like, I couldn't go out and meet anybody. I couldn't go to the attic really. I, I just was like, I guess I was depressed. And then I talked to my brother who's in Jamaica and then My dad also my mom had six kids. My dad had five So it was a sister and I had family in New York, basically So my brother called, I called my brother in Jamaica, called my sister in New York My sister called my cousin in New York and they all just came up with this plan where I was moving to the Bronx the Bronx To live with my sister And so yeah, so from 96 to 2002, I was in Philadelphia.
[00:31:19] From 2002 to 2010, I was in the Bronx. That's your answer to your question. I'm all over the place because my life is a mess. No, um, so there's a lot of things to eat. Except my life is a lie, so. Yeah, Karthik, you gotta wind it in and ask me questions and, yeah. Yeah, 
[00:31:39] Karthik: um, so I guess like the first thing I wanted to ask you so Referring to that you couldn't when you're homeless you couldn't go back to the attic.
[00:31:47] Paris: Why was that the case? I don't know. It's like
[00:31:50] I Felt like Again I thought I was a ballroom perfectionist. That's why I haven't walked the ball in forever. So I felt like ballroom was the place And again, I was also taught not to be vulnerable. It's weird. So it was like you were taught not to beg. My mom was so strong. She was in a car with her child, right?
[00:32:09] And didn't speak one word. How could that happen? So I guess it's just a toughness. It was just like I had to take care of business before because it was comedic, but it was also fun. I felt like I couldn't have fun till I felt safe and I had a roof over my head. So it was just like what am I gonna do? at 19 and homeless, undocumented.
[00:32:27] So it was like, I didn't want to have fun. I didn't want to see people going home to their mom and, you know, I didn't want that. I just wanted to be stable. So, I just, that's how I, to this day, that's how I deal with stuff. I'm not going outside unless I feel happy, type of thing. So that's why I do the affirmations and stuff.
[00:32:47] So yeah, that's why I couldn't go back to the attic. I didn't want to show them that side. Yeah. Yeah. But now, I would, I would suggest, don't, pride, no, kick it. The attic is resources, right? So you have to live and learn. So yeah, I would definitely get resources now. But then again, the attic didn't offer too much.
[00:33:09] There's really any LGBTQIA, um, facilities in Philadelphia, period, that offer immigration help. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so, 
[00:33:22] Karthik: I guess. Bouncing just right off of what you said. Bounce? You moved to the Bronx, so then kind of, how did... What did that kind of all look like in terms of the scene, kind of the jobs you were working, and also just dealing with your integration status 
[00:33:36] Paris: all at the same time?
[00:33:36] I know it's a lot, but... Here we go! Bronx, New York. Okay, here we are again. So now I'm in Bronx, New York with my sister. At the time, three kids. Again, one bedroom apartment, people. So now it's me, my sister who's also undocumented, and she had three American kids. So now I just felt, oh my god, it was depressing.
[00:34:04] Again, I had all these trash bags. I was in the Bronx. And I don't know what it is. So, here I am. I'm helping her out any way I can. Cause again, I just like to help. But she was also depressed and her traumas was woah. Woah, woah, woah. So, it was pretty dramatic. So, anywho, long story short, I helped her out. I'm like, look sis, this apartment is not up to my standard.
[00:34:31] So, I'm a painter, so I painted and I decorated and and our family who I guess everybody knew I was trans before I knew I was trans. I was just living my happy life. I wasn't gay. I just didn't identify with the gay people. But then, coming from Jamaica, I didn't know what trans was. All I knew, they was calling me boxy boy, but I'm like, I don't like boys, I don't think.
[00:34:57] I have a girlfriend. It was weird. So when I got to the Bronx, me and my sister got so tight that the rest of the family, for some reason, was weird about it. So she ended up throwing me out, unfortunately. So, here I am. Homeless in New York, which is a whole nother situation. But again, I found a village. And I found shoplifting.
[00:35:23] And I had a boyfriend at the time. Who said, you know what? You can stay with me for a little bit and I'll help you find a place. So I stayed with him for a little bit. Oh, and I had a manager. And, oh my god, rewind. So, before that, working in New York. So, another drug dealer. Cause, not all Jamaicans are drug dealers, right?
[00:35:47] But, where I'm from in West Kingston, Tivoli Gardens. It's the Mecca of, if you Google, Christopher Dutus Cope, Pope, actually. It's like a big mecca of drugs and guns. And my family, like I said, was a part of that. I come from a rough, tough, gangster, drug dealing family. So, one of the drug dealers here in the Bronx, they basically said, they were like, they got arrested a few times, and they had paperwork.
[00:36:19] So they basically said, I will let you borrow my social to get a job. You just have to work as me. So I was working as somebody else. And also had an under the table job at a laundromat. Which most immigrants work at hair stores or laundromats in New York. Or unless you do construction. So I was juggling that while my sister was working at a hairdresser shop.
[00:36:41] And I just remember them not wanting us to see us happy, I feel like. So they put a wedge between us. And I talked to her, we're gonna go on vacation, I'm not mad at her. I owe that to Fix My Relationships, I'm a softie. So I just remember throwing me out and so I had a job and my manager, not my boyfriend, I didn't want to save my boyfriend at the time, my manager gave me somewhere to stay but then that was weird because she left me in our apartment which was horrible.
[00:37:11] Smell like dog. Not, again, not up to my standards. And then she calls, so she had a daughter. So she left for work. It was me, her daughter. I was sleeping, of course. Then she sent a grandmother over. And the grandmother was like really not, banging, banging, banging. I opened the door. She basically dragged the granddaughter out of her sleep and was like running out of the apartment with her.
[00:37:34] So basically that was the end of that stay. So she couldn't stay there anymore. I spent a couple nights at my boyfriend's and I found a room in the Bronx, a basement in the Bronx, 203 on Webster. And from there, Uh, unfortunately, that's when my relationship went to hell, cause he got abusive, and then I was still undocumented, didn't have any family to go to.
[00:38:02] Matter of fact, after my sister, I went to my cousin house who threw me out. I was thrown out so many times, I forgot about that one. We not even gonna talk about her. She's not important. Um, so basically I found a room, a little room in the Bronx. It was so small, like literally so small. And then that's when I started sex working.
[00:38:22] So it was like I lost a job. To backtrack, I lost the job working for the guy because he got arrested. So I couldn't no longer work as somebody who's in prison. And the laundromat, they just didn't have work for me. So now I did the one thing that I really didn't want to do, which was sex work. But I also was doing house painting and party decorating.
[00:38:42] But it was like, I really just had to really use all my resources at that point. And I really didn't know any organizations at the time in the Bronx. But there's a lot now. Destination Tomorrow, shout out to those people at Destination Tomorrow and all the other beautiful organizations. But it took me to get arrested and I had like a heavy rap sheet.
[00:39:08] Again, shout out to Kate and Alex Brody for clearing up my rap sheet and getting me help. But, it took me to get arrested for shoplifting to start the process of immigration. So it was basically, I got arrested, and I only got arrested because I didn't have ID. So they had to run me through the system just to make sure I wasn't this, I guess, immigrant killer or something.
[00:39:31] It was weird. So, that started the process with immigration. And I guess my life kind of got better from there, but, you know, sex work for trans people is never safe, so. It was a lot of traumas there, so, I don't know where you want to go next. Yeah, 
[00:39:52] Karthik: um, so, thanks for sharing all of that. Yes. Um, I guess I just kind of wanted to ask, so you 
[00:39:57] Paris: mentioned that kind 
[00:39:58] Karthik: of, um, being in New York, you, If I'm correct, you didn't really know quite too much about your own identity.
[00:40:06] Um, or when did that kind of come into more fruition? And how does that relate to kind of like your work and sex work? And like, kind 
[00:40:14] Paris: of give me just like the timeline. What, my transness? Like when I started transitioning? Yeah, when you started transitioning. Um, well basically, to read, to catch you up, when my mom find my stuff in the basement, I was like 15.
[00:40:27] So I always, let's rewind even further than that. I was making vaginas and stuff in my little briefs at eight. I can remember that, but we didn't have RuPaul like you guys did in America. So I didn't know, I honestly didn't know what trans was until I met a trans person, right? So I was like, whoa, I'm not gay.
[00:40:51] I'm her. That was crazy. So. I feel like my transness was always there. My mom saw it, my brother saw it, who when my eyebrows was like bushy and I shaved it off. I didn't take it as a feminine thing. I know I like to be pretty and that wasn't pretty. They saw that and they called me names and they told me to man up and all that stuff.
[00:41:14] But I didn't see it until I met her. Amina, right? So me and Amina, then I met Alicia, who I told you overdosed. Alicia Simmons, you are fucking magical. Excuse the French. And you're a fucking rock star. So I met her and then, you know, here, you could do this with makeup. You could do this. And then I felt like I gently fed, because again, I'm like, I'm undocumented.
[00:41:39] Do I want to transition and get deported? To rewind, I also have an uncle who was kind of gender bending, right? We didn't know. I didn't know what it was, but. And he was also had mental issues, and my family kind of outcasted him. I just remember at like, 6, just seeing people like, beating him up. Like, and they had this crazy song about him, like he was some type of pedophile or something.
[00:42:04] I don't know, it was just weird. So I don't know if that's what scared me straight, of not being too much into my transness. But I feel like I fed it, I fed it, I fed it, till I couldn't, I couldn't deny it. It was just like, oh my god, I'm 27, I have laundry. Masculine clothes, laundry, feminine clothes. You have to pick one.
[00:42:25] My niece would come over like, Whose shoes are these? I'm like, that's my girlfriend's shoes. So I feel like I was so terrified. And then I come from Jamaica. It's like heavy Catholic and churchy, churchy. So it was like in my mind, I'm going to burn. I didn't have sex with a man. Although I knew I didn't have sex when I was like 18.
[00:42:45] I'm like, why would I burn? I did a lot of phone, of phone situations, but um, I fed my transness slowly because I was terrified of really like medically transitioning. I just always thought like, I was going to suffer and I always thought I was just going to be subjected to just sex work and drugs and all my friends, they was drinking before time and it was just like, that was not what I wanted.
[00:43:11] So I kind of stifled her. I kind of pushed Parrish down. I kind of pushed her down like, oh my god, you could not bust out. Until I remember I was on the Bronx on the um, where the girls work at night in the Bronx. And I was just talking, talking, talking to all these girls, it was like, some girls were like, some girls like, I feel like trans you don't need hormones, but some girls was on hormones, and those was the girls that would say, oh, ooh, you don't have these, you're not a woman, you're a fucking drag queen, and the girls that were drag queens were more, to me, more, they, they were more trans to me, cause they, they were kind, they were nice, and that's what I'm used to, Amina, she was my prototype, right?
[00:43:55] So it was like, And then the people that I would date, they were like, Oh no, those girls when they get a hormone, they act different. So it was just so many things that played into me stifling Paris. But I talked to this one girl and she was just like, look, when you go home, you talk to yourself and the answer will come.
[00:44:12] But then I still have my immigration stuff. Like, what if I start this? And I did. So once I got arrested that, that last time. Sienna Miller, shout out to you in New York. She works at, oh my god, she works at something now. Sienna Baskin, sorry. Um, Sienna Miller is an actress. Sienna Baskin! She works as a lawyer.
[00:44:42] At the, one of the precincts I was arrested. I was profiled that way. I wish I could sue that precinct because what happened was it was some robberies in the village where the girls sex worked and I was fresh off. I wasn't trying to sex work. I was just, I just wanted to be trans in the village and as soon as I got off the train, it was a sweep.
[00:45:03] I talked to one person. I didn't say no numbers. I didn't say no dates. I wasn't trying to do any kind of sex work. I just wanted to be out, but that was. The higher power. I don't know if I believe in God. That's a whole nother topic. It was a higher power. I just meant to be, I was just meant to get arrested that night.
[00:45:18] Cause I didn't do anything. But I met Sienna at that last arrest. And then Sienna started a process which led to Alex and um, his wife. So I was just meant to get arrested. And that's what started the process. What was your question? 
[00:45:33] I think you answered 
[00:45:35] my life is just, I could just sit here and talk. But yeah, I was just meant to get arrested, and that started the immigration process, and, oh.
[00:45:46] That also, I guess I felt a little bit more confident transitioning, but I didn't transition until I moved back to Philadelphia. So I started medically transitioning. Shout out to Dr. Boss, who was shooting the girls up for years with hormones. Um, yeah, I transitioned, I started medically transitioning. It's crazy.
[00:46:09] Full circle. A week before Thanksgiving in 2010. That's the first time I was homeless. That's the first time I started transitioning. That's crazy. Those dates are crazy. So that's when I finally stepped into, and that was a whole nother world. What's next? You wanna talk about those struggles? Woof. 
[00:46:28] Karthik: Sure, yeah.
[00:46:29] If you're comfortable talking about it, 
[00:46:30] that's where you wanna go. 
[00:46:32] Paris: My first two years on hormones was a wreck. Oh my God. So, I feel like to honestly be your true self. Oh my God, you have to face your traumas and I was too busy being homeless and running away and trying to survive So I never got the help I need Cause that was some traumatic stuff From I didn't even tell you about being stoned walking home from school because they saw I was feminine.
[00:47:01] My brother whooping me for shaving my eyebrows. My mom freaking out when she saw the femininity. Me being homeless all those times. So, backtrack. I moved to, back to Philadelphia 2010, January. And my younger sister, my younger siblings, who I helped, are now helping me. So I was in their basement. They were assholes, they ended up moving out and leaving me in the basement.
[00:47:28] So, and it's crazy, so, I was literally like weeks away from getting my first workers authorization card. So, and
[00:47:38] I was about to get status. And it was in the works, and they basically moved out and left me. And I would just remember thinking, here I am again, you know, homeless in Philadelphia. But, knock on wood, that was the last time, and I'm doing amazing. So okay, they left me in the basement, I was medically transitioning.
[00:48:00] Alex and they helped me out with the immigration stuff, but I still haven't dealt with the trauma. So here I am. And you know, I love family. So here I am. So I was working on Paris, but I wanted to find family. I have community. I wanted family. And that's where the abusive relationships came. And I had friends and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[00:48:25] It was just hard. I got attacked for using the bathroom. It was, so these bathroom laws is horrible! We already get attacked for using the bathroom sometimes. So, I was homeless. I, shout out to Ray. He was like a sergeant. He gave me my first little apartment in Philadelphia. Cause he were like, he know how it feels.
[00:48:52] He had a trans, I think it was like a trans niece or nephew that he was searching for. So he frequently gave a hood. And one night, throwing into sex work again, I met Ray. And he like, you know what, I don't want to say hi, I just want conversation. I just, you know, like I'm telling you guys my story. I was just telling him my story.
[00:49:14] And he was like, you know what, I have a room. It's just you, right? And yeah, it should've just been just me, but again, I was looking for family, so I met this boy. Oh my god. We gon call him V. Oh, that's all he's, that's all he's gonna get. So basically, I held on to him tight. We met on Valentine's Day. His birthday was the 16th of February, mine was the 22nd.
[00:49:42] I thought it was my husband. And I wanted that family, like I said. So. He was very, very abusive. Oh my god, I'm talking. He tied me up one day and before he tied me up he bear hugged me and he body beated me like till I was like urgh like and once he saw that I was weak he tied me up and I got away and I was homeless.
[00:50:06] I was homeless again. Cause Ray said just you right? Here I am. I had a crazy person And I didn't know he was crazy, so... He showed my landlord first. He didn't show me. He was like, she's fucking in there and I want to be in there with her. So I ended up being thrown out. Cause of it. V's, see? Not giving them any shine.
[00:50:31] Um, so I was homeless, and I'm like full fledged sex worker now. So I'm on the stroll, I'm posting ads, I'm like, oh my god, when I stay depressed, you literally have to wait there for calls, and you have to shack up in hotel rooms, and I finally had an ID, and I was like, this is what you're using your ID for, to fucking rent a hotel room to sex work.
[00:50:53] I beat myself up with it, and then he beat me up with it. So he basically tied me up after he beat me up. I kinda got out of it, and I ran out the hotel room, but I was completely naked. So then, I'm like, oh my god, I'm naked. And then it's like all these men catcalling, Hey Slim! Hey Slim! So I'm like, oh my god, Paris, you don't have clothes!
[00:51:11] You forgot! I forgot, cause I was, I was being beaten. It was just like, run, run, run! But instead of running to the like, the front desk or something, I'm trans, my trans body is crazy. I was terf I ran back in. So he tied me up better this time. Was crazy. Then he puts me in the damn shower, and he turns on the hot water.
[00:51:31] He locks me out of my iPhone, and he calls my sister just so she can hear me scream. Like, it was crazy. And I'm like, what in the fuck? And then my sister, when I finally got my phone back, then he apologized. You know, anybody who's been abused, you know, they apologize and, Oh, my poor baby. While he stuck his thumb and like, I'm like, I have to get out of this.
[00:51:56] So he apologized. I act like I'm smart. I act like everything was fine. And I still was looking for family. And I'm like, well, shit, my brother shaved my eyebrow. My sister threw me out. I guess this is love, right? Oh No, it's not. But at that time, because although I was Paris, I wasn't loving Paris. I wasn't. I just wasn't loving Paris because I felt like my family was love.
[00:52:25] Me nurturing somebody else was love. I didn't know what love was. So here I am in this toxic relationship, homeless. But, you know, I don't stay down for long. So I'm like, okay, you need to find a job. Cause this main thing was, oh, you're sex working. Oh my god, you're a fucking whore. You're a man. All you do is wanna just lay on your back and, like, Like, really?
[00:52:50] Like, I stay with you more than I, I literally don't answer calls just so I could be with you. Like, why would you even say that? So eventually, I found my first apartment. With no job, mind you. So, Skip. Shout out to Skip in South Philly. I met Skip, a nice older gentleman, while I was sellin I was sellin my previous self clothing, cuz money.
[00:53:14] So I was on the corner sellin with my neighbor Linda. Shout out to Linda. She gave me an outlet to sell my previous clothes, clothing. And I met Skip. So Skip basically wrote a letter to New Age Realty. Uh, I really don't like y'all, but y'all get a shout out, cause y'all helped me. They took basically a note.
[00:53:32] Cause I didn't have any income. You know, most places. They take a, basically a note from Skip, saying Skip will help me pay my rent. And that's how I got my first apartment. So I'm no longer homeless. And I was done with Victor. After that I was done. But, you know, abusers just find a way to rule you back in.
[00:53:51] So he calls, he's like, oh my god, I miss you, I'm working now, I'm getting help, can I come see you? Of course I said, come on, cause here it is, I still don't love myself, and I'm still working on it, right? So Victor comes over, and I'm like, okay, I have to run out. Here go my key. Bad idea. I come back from what I had to do.
[00:54:13] He wasn't there. I was calling his phone all around the corner. But where I left my key, I left my key in front of my apartment under a rock. He couldn't do the same thing. So I'm like, well, you don't respect me enough. So now I'm out here waiting for you an hour to get into my apartment. You can't come in here no more.
[00:54:29] I went in my apartment and locked the door. He busted my windows out When I say rocks at my windows to the heard it crash and it was slurs and names and I didn't let him in It was terrifying I didn't sleep I still can't really sleep that well I just always I hear anything I jumps up Anyway, I was done with him.
[00:54:54] I didn't let him in but because okay, so This is the first year. So what it didn't tell you was, the first year when you get this worker's authorization card, it's gonna expire. And you need to file for green card. But green card is so expensive, and here I am. Green card is like 1, 700 and I could barely pay rent because I hate sex work.
[00:55:16] And that's the only outlet at the time. So basically I had to put my light bill in Victor's name because I didn't have a valid ID. They need to fix that. You need Oh my god, this valid ID stuff is crazy. I'm still struggling with that today at 40. Whole nother topic. But Victor I had to put Victor's name on my electric bill to get to my apartment.
[00:55:37] So basically what he did, because he's American and he knows these things, he called the cops on me. So, two male officers, fuck you. Comes to my apartment with my name on it because he had one bill in his name. They told ma'am, if they even said ma'am, I'm disrespecting myself. Can you step outside of your apartment so this man could go in?
[00:55:59] So he basically went in and took my keys and left. He didn't take anything but my keys and left. And the cop allowed that, which was horrible. So now I had to bed him and play nice so he gave me my key back. Oh. Depressing. So completely done with Victor. So mind you, rewind. Remember I told you guys, I wasn't HIV positive at the time when I started my immigration work.
[00:56:25] And I also wasn't medically transitioned. So after I broke up with Victor, I was using a Ad site, we're not gonna call the site. They don't allow that anymore. So he basically went on the site and posted, don't go see her she has HIV with the picture of my ID and my address on it. So now my phone is ringing, oh bitch I'm gonna kill you you fucking bitch I had sex with you you didn't tell me that, so now I'm in my apartment and I can't leave and it was horrible.
[00:56:59] But Lisa, shout out to Lisa. Shout out to Michael, David Battle, Mona. So basically I had to call all my support systems. And I had to like, please flag this, flag this, flag this ad. Take it off, please. Oh my god, please take it off. So all my support through community, community and support is fucking amazing.
[00:57:23] They helped me flag the ads off the ad app. And I was able to screenshot those ads. I saw the lawyer at Misoni, shout out to, I think, Barrett. Barrett something at Misoni Law at the time. Basically gave me the resources so, Immediately I got a PDF. I got a pdf, cause I don't feel safe at all, and now he knows where I live, and now anybody could kill me, so now my one income, which was sex work, was basically kind of tarnished, right, cause who, who wants to have sex with somebody positive, right, which I wasn't, but that ad states that, so, went to the pdf, got a pdf, well, no, pdf, so you had to serve the person, and now Victor is now homeless, so, I don't know where he was, but I...
[00:58:19] Van Michael in Baltimore. Shout out to you. Oh, amazing trans person. From me lobbying in DC, I... This is why I love the work that I do. And I love just advocating and even volunteering. Cause you meet resour... I love to network. So I networked. So I knew Van. And Van was my resource in... Baltimore. But, Van didn't have the resources that I need because Van is transmasculine and I'm a trans woman being abused by this cis male and it was crazy.
[00:58:53] But Van, Van had these resources. He hooked me up with Victoria and she was also abused and then she helped me to get Victor served that PDF and then he came to, came to Philly to court. The judge said stay away from her. Instantly. We left the courtroom. He called my, he called my phone and fast forward.
[00:59:20] Life is looking up, right? I started therapy and I actually got my first job at Macy's right after that. But then here go. I was so happy. I celebrated it and I posted it on. Facebook. A big no no. I never post my jobs on Facebook anymore. Here comes Vee! Crazy So! At my job. That was crazy. So I just basically, I was pretty good at selling.
[00:59:52] I love fashion, right? I, so I was able, my manager supported me. Shout out to the support system that I had at Macy's at the time. My manager, um, Joan, basically told the security guards to like, be aware of it so I could feel safe at work. And that's kind of how I got. So, with just a tough, um, year and a half, about to be two years of transitioning, I wanted to celebrate!
[01:00:19] So, I rented a hotel at the Marriott, it's not a Marriott anymore, Courtyard at 13th and Market Philbert. Just so I could be close to the neighborhood and I wanted to party, cause now I have an ID, I could party, and... Here I am, I had my hair done, it was freshly dyed blonde, I'm in the pool with my bottle of nice drink and my nice wine glass and it was me and two other cis women and then it was like three cis men and Two other cis women who I didn't know.
[01:00:56] So, I'm in the hot tub, and for me personally, I try to stay away from cis from men in general, in certain spaces, cuz Trans women and cis men, they want us and then they hate us. Like, they have sex with us and they beat us or kill us. So I try to stay away from all the men, so. They went to the pool, I went to the hot tub.
[01:01:15] They went to the hot tub, I went to the pool. Long story short, this guy was clearly interested. And I was just avoiding him. But the girls, the two cis girls, were also interested in the guy. So I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna use the bathroom. So I didn't know. One of them walked in while I was in the stall.
[01:01:31] And then, um, Her other friend walked into the bathroom. And it was like, It was like, Sienna! I'm just using a random name. Sienna, is that you? And she, I just remember her saying, I know that's not that man. I was like, Oh my God, I'm happy. Why me? It's my birthday. It was literally my birthday. So I said, you know what?
[01:01:58] I'm not going to feed into it. I washed my hands. I said, Whoa, I'm pretty. And I walked out. So I walked out, and she just started going crazy, like, Why are you in the woman's bathroom, and You're a fucking man, your body is fake. Mind you, two years on hormones, I'm, right now, sitting here, I only had one, I never had a surgery.
[01:02:21] You have to buy this body, I'm naturally this way. I'm just like, what in the hell are you talking about, lady? Long story short, her other friend, cause I wasn't engaging, but I, I mean, I'm in ballroom, I was just shading her like, Damn, I look good. I was feeling myself, cause I was feeling myself. I felt pretty good.
[01:02:43] And that really angered her. She said my body was fake. And I was just like, ooh, great hate Jamaican beef. And I twerked my butt. And that angered her. So she breaks my wine glass. And she comes to my face. And I played white woman. Uh, a little thing that us trans people Ah! So I bounced out, and I'm like, Security!
[01:03:04] Security! And her friend, who was the aggressor, she follows me, and she grabs me by the hair, and just started like, it was horrible. Long story short, I'm from Jamaica, they don't know that, and I grew up fighting, so although I'm happy, I ended up engaging in that altercation with her. Cops were called. And then I was the one in handcuffs, unfortunately.
[01:03:30] But I'm like, well, this can't be real. Watch the tape. So eventually they watched the tape and I was released. But I felt like I should have sued everybody across the board right there. But I was so traumatized again. I just went from another... It was just like, why am I going through so much trauma? I'm just trying to be my best self.
[01:03:50] So it was just like, now I'm isolating. Like I said, when I'm not happy, I can't go outside. So I went for my birthday. So let's just get food and go home. And that's how I spent my 29th birthday in the house. So yeah, that was my first two years medically transitioning. It was like horrible. It made me want to not even be trans.
[01:04:13] Yeah, it made me not want to be trans. Yeah. 
[01:04:19] Karthik: Wow, thank you for sharing all of that. That was a lot. That was a lot, but I think it was 
[01:04:23] Paris: very, very insightful. Yeah, so these bathroom laws and all this weird stuff, it's weird. Y'all need to get these bathroom laws together and it's horrible. We just want to pee and wash our hands, powder our noses, put some lip gloss on and go.
[01:04:41] But I was attacked for using the bathroom in a hotel that I paid to stay. It was horrible. Then the cops didn't come and ask questions. They literally came to my hotel room and put me in handcuffs. Horrible. I didn't make a police report and I wasn't going to go through it. I just didn't want to relive that again.
[01:04:58] It was horrible. 
[01:05:01] Karthik: I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. Um, but, so, from after that point, so I know you mentioned that, that kind of made you not want to be trans. So, kind of, What was like some of like the happier moments after that and kind of how did things kind of start coming together and your identity and 
[01:05:18] Paris: kind of feeling happier?
[01:05:19] I mean, to be honest, it was never me. It was always other people. I'm, I'm a happy person. So I had to tune out the noise and I had to just really do you really want this? Cause my grandmother, uh, she always just said everything that's worth fighting for is going to be a fight. Everything that's worth is going to be a fight or some type of battle that she said in, in a Jamaican way.
[01:05:42] And I don't know, I saw her resilience. I saw her like. Being like, cause she got amputated, diabetes running in my family. She basically amputated from the knee down and she had like two toes on this hand. And she's, like I said, I saw her, she asked me to do something and I didn't do it. I saw her doing it herself.
[01:05:59] So I had to walk the walk and walk the talk if I wanted to be me. Cause I knew it wasn't me, but I beat myself up for other people's, you know, my family, not thinking I'm good enough to be a part of it. My sister. Being a stupid girl that listened to my cousin who was just our relationship and victor Not man enough to say this is what I like.
[01:06:19] He just it's just like it was never me and therapy helped me with that Eventually I was theraprising myself. I feel like once you go to therapy, you learn, and I love learning, once you go to therapy, you realize it's just not you. And you still, you just gotta work on yourself. So I basically started working on myself.
[01:06:40] And all trans people want to do is work. Well, yeah, most of us. I was working, and just socializing, and I met friends, and we went to happy hour, and it was just, life happens, and you just gotta get out. I stopped isolating, now I have a dog, he gets me out, you have to get out, you can't isolate, and you have to get help.
[01:07:05] Therapy works, and yeah, you gotta choose yourself, and love on yourself more, and I just learned how to love myself more. Eventually, through work and, oh my god, I'm getting a paycheck, I don't have to, I feel like everything, like the sex work was depressing, I couldn't find a husband that was depressing, so it's like once I knocked, you know what, girl, you don't have to sex work, you're working at this job, you're making good commission, you're, my name was in the Macy's newspaper every other day, the customers love me, oh, we waiting for Paris, it was just like that love and that recognition from Macy's and, I sold Macy's a million dollars my first year working there.
[01:07:47] I made Macy's Center City a million dollars. I learned my worth through that, like, I'm fucking awesome. I'm awesome. And I didn't let nobody take that away. Nobody can take that away. I'm just awesome. So once you get that therapy and you start loving on yourself, can't nobody take it. But now it's kind of hard, cause now I'm in the Morris home and...
[01:08:12] It's like, those people there, they're like, they're at where I was, right? And I'm, they're like, well, how are you so happy you don't even drink coffee first thing in the morning? Cause now I'm working mornings, and I'm like, hey, morning! They're like, girl! I just wish them love for they selves, and I try, but they see that as, oh, you're trying it, like, why, like, we don't, I don't know, I just wish that for all trans people, like, we just gotta learn, we are enough, and just love on yourself, cause it's just so hard, just seeing them battling all that stuff, and, uh, they don't take my, my advice, so, hopefully they therapist help, so, Next
[01:08:56] Um, do you have any questions 
[01:08:57] Maria: that you'd like to ask? I, I actually do, I would love to hear more about like your creative outlets. You've done fashion, you've painted, you've done decorating, you made a million dollars from Macy's. What are, what are some of the creative things you're, you're up to or that you would like to be up to?
[01:09:13] Paris: Oh my God. So, like I said, I want like, I don't know, I need a nonprofit, but I don't know if I wanna run it, but I kind of wanna create it. So that's one creative outlet, a nonprofit for. I want to say woman, but now that I'm working at Mara's home, men brings balance, cause women are, ooooh, I'm sorry women, we're crazy.
[01:09:34] Some of us. So I want a non profit. I also want... I love hair. My hair is not quite done today, but it's alright. I want like a weed bar. I want a boutique. I, I, I, Oh my god. Shout out to my, my grandmother who I made my first handbag. Uh, if you ever been to Jamaica and you bought a Jamaica handbag, I wanna make handbags.
[01:09:57] I wanna line it with like designer scarves and it's gonna be called Lillian's. And I wanna do a lot. I feel like I'm not done yet. This is like, I feel like once you start loving yourself and You just want to do it all, like I'm, I'm just meant for greatness. I said that out loud, I didn't just say that in a mirror.
[01:10:16] I'm meant to change the world, I feel like. I feel like, uh, yeah. I think there's a president that has my birthday. I just feel like, no seriously, I'm meant to really. I feel like a ant could make a difference. And, uh, hello, I'm like 6'2 Heh heh heh. I'm a supermodel. Heh heh heh. Who haven't walked the runway yet.
[01:10:39] But, uh, that's coming. But yeah, I wanna get into more fashion. I want my own ballroom house. I wanna give back in every way that helped me. Fashion saved my life. Ballroom saved my life. Immigration. Advocacy shaped my life, like, I just want to give, I just don't want another person to go through anything that I've been, and it's going on.
[01:10:59] Homelessness is still a thing. That's, like, all that stuff is pretty relevant still. And I just want, I feel like what you go through, So that's why I chose to do this interview and share all this stuff. And I'm like, what was I going to share? I'm like, you might as well just, it might help somebody. So I want fashion, I want advocacy, I want, Maybe the first trans president.
[01:11:23] It's like, I don't want to be the president, president of something, but not the president of the United States. But I want to do it all. I just want to live my best full trans life, because I don't know if the, uh, the, uh, the average life of a black trans woman didn't go up yet from like 28 to 30 something, but we're dying, like, and I just want to, I'm a dreamer, so I dream a lot, and I'm not like a, I'm keeping it all in here and I just want to express myself in every way possible before I get out of here.
[01:12:01] Yeah, that's what's next. All of those things. 
[01:12:04] Maria: What will your, when you're ready to do ballroom again, do you have an idea for a performance, something, or a category, or 
[01:12:11] Paris: what you... I'm definitely, okay, so I don't believe in any of like the realness. So you know what, realness in the bathroom is who could pass as a cis woman or a trans man to pass as a cis man.
[01:12:22] I want to focus on high fashion street wear, uh, foot and eye, like... All the fashion stuff, but yeah, that's what I wanna walk. Maybe a little sex siren, cause sometimes I do wanna shake my boobs to the girls who said, Ha ha ha ha ha! Definitely wanna, cause what they don't know is, They mask their confidence in ballroom with drugs and all that.
[01:12:47] Like, I work on myself, so when I storm that floor, baby! It's gonna be givin Girl, what you say? Ha! I'm sexy now and you washed up, baby. But yeah. A lot of fashion stuff, and maybe sex siren, and maybe face. Maybe face. Definitely face card never declined. Hello? I'm so silly. But yeah, any more questions please?
[01:13:13] Cause I could sit here and talk all night. Well, are there 
[01:13:15] Maria: things that, um, we haven't asked you that, that, you know, we should, you would like to be asked? Other topics? 
[01:13:24] Paris: We cover immigration, which is dear to my heart. Domestic abuse, dear to my heart. I don't know. Do you have any more questions? I can't think of anything right now.
[01:13:37] Um, 
[01:13:38] Karthik: I don't necessarily have any more questions, but I guess, um, You know, if there's something that, like, you know, you're Obviously you're passionate and you're, I think that you're just The fact that you dream so Like vividly in that like it's very infectious. So I guess what is something that you want to share with like younger trans people or just people in general about kind of that mindset 
[01:13:59] Paris: and that kind of Like I said once you love on yourself I feel like once you love on yourself your mind opens and you're not scared of anything So it's like you're not scared to walk down the street.
[01:14:11] You're not scared to for somebody to find out that you're a trans but I realized when I stopped wearing makeup, right now I have no makeup on, and I was a retail girl, I used to be beat every day. I guess?
[01:14:25] You know what's crazy? Okay, so, alright. Disclosure. So what happened was, I was walking my dog, and I just never thought I was passable. Like, I just always thought I give trans I'm like, 6'2 I That's a trans woman, right? So I was walking my dog, and this guy, I don't know, I guess My story. Just be careful.
[01:14:48] Even if they don't know you're trans. Just try to disclose. I don't say disclose right away. But maybe take a number and then disclose. Because I was in a situation where I met this guy. And... I thought he knew I was trans, but he didn't. Right? Because I was taught that trans women, uh, they don't look like me.
[01:15:04] They're not tall, which is weird 'cause I have cousins that's taller than me that are cis women. But once you start living in your full loveliness of yourself, just be aware that people gonna see that glow and, and look past the transness. Even if they, they see it, they're gonna look past it 'cause they see the woman that you are.
[01:15:22] So be mindful, cause I was in a dangerous situation like a month ago, where I thought he knew I was trans, and then here I am, I left the um, it was like this HRC gala or something that was like a month ago, I was looking fabulous, and he picked me up, and we went to like the Belmont Plateau, above the city, it's like amazing lights, right, so I'm in this dark park with this straight cis man, and he didn't know I was trans, so then we go to this after hour, this club that he said he owns, and And he says, one of his friends says, Oh, you better check her, her neck or something.
[01:15:54] Which was weird. That's his way of asking me, am I trans? So I'm, I'm not gonna tell you at this point. But I just remember feeling so terrified. It's like, is, uh, could this be my last day? So just be mindful of when you start loving on yourself. Just be mindful to sometimes let people know that you're trans.
[01:16:12] If you feel safe with them. But what was the question? That's just my, my last little tidbit. And, I feel like, once you start loving on yourself, you're gonna, you're gonna dream bigger, you're gonna feel like you're worth it, you're gonna date differently, you're gonna... Not have sex as often. Hehehehe Cause it's like no one is really gonna be worth it Unless they're worth it type of thing And I feel like with trans people We're all just always looking for love And this cis man Who's gonna come and like Save us from everything They cis man, they gay man They trans man, they All across the board That's my advice.
[01:16:52] And you have to love yourself. You just have to. Or learn how to, in some form. And that's it. 

