---
# text transcript for Interview with K. Silem Mohammad
---

[00:00:00] Gabrielle: Hello, my name is Gabrielle Kane. 
[00:00:06] Lily: And my name is Lily Murski. 
[00:00:07] Gabrielle: And we will be having a conversation with Sabrina Haslam for the Trans Oral History Project in collaboration with the Center for Research in Feminist, Queer, and Transgender Studies, the William Way LGBT Center, and the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts at the University of Pennsylvania.
[00:00:27] We are here today with Nat DeFrank, the coordinator of this project. This is an oral history project centered on the experiences of trans, non binary, and gender non conforming people. It is April 23rd, 2023, and this is being recorded at the Van Pelt Library in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Sabrina, would you like to share your name, pronouns, and birth date?
[00:00:48] Sabrina: Yes, my name is Sabrina Haslam. Um, she and her are my pronouns. Um, I was born April 22nd, 1986. 
[00:00:57] Lily: Great. Um, so when and where were you born? 
[00:01:01] Sabrina: I was born in Philadelphia at Episcopal Hospital, um, at 10 a. m. in the morning. Yeah. 
[00:01:10] Gabrielle: Awesome. How has Philadelphia changed in the years that you've been here? 
[00:01:14] Sabrina: Oh, it's changed so much.
[00:01:16] I mean, from me being, um, I have, I have lived all over Philadelphia, but I have mainly lived in North Philadelphia. up the Kensington area and it has changed drastically since I was young to now. Now, when I was young, I was able to walk her out nighttime and, you know, there was nobody doing drugs or it was not a lot of people out.
[00:01:37] Um, now it's like, um, it's really bad, you know, it's like zombie land out there. It's a lot of drug use, a lot of stuff going on in that area. And it was not like that as me growing up. Um, can you tell me, uh, a little bit about your first encounter that you had with the trans and, or like, the queer community?
[00:01:56] Yes. Um, well, with my first encounter, um, I was at least like, about, 13. I just sneak out. I mean, I, well, I was actually, you know, getting on the party line and meeting up with people and I met up with somebody and he was like, why don't you come downtown? I was like, what's downtown? And he said, it's, it's the gayborhood.
[00:02:16] I said, the gayborhood, what do you mean? He said, it's where all the gays hang out. I was like, are you serious? So I was really hyped to go down there. I came down there and I seen all types of LGBTQ people. And I was really I felt like I was home, you know. 
[00:02:31] Gabrielle: Yeah. When was the first time that you heard the term trans?
[00:02:35] Sabrina: Um, it was like around 14. Um, I was asking them questions about the trans girls, women out there and the girls. And I was like, well, what, what, how did they do that? And they was like, you know, um, they, they got dressed up to be who they want to be. Took hormones and stuff like that, so I got a lot of, um, work done, like, uh, basically, uh, surgeries and stuff, and they was like, they were trans women, but we also called them femme queens or drag queens.
[00:03:08] Um, and what's that? I mean, can you tell me a little bit about your childhood and your family background? Yeah. Um, my mom basically raised me and my three brothers. Um, really by herself. Um, we all have different fathers, but my mom did a very good job. She had a lot of jobs. She worked at Nabisco, all types of places, and she really took care of us.
[00:03:29] Um, I know at a young age at seven Um, before I moved with my mom, because, um, she had me, she had moved me and my older brother to Ohio and, um, at seven years old, I was some, I felt like something was wrong with me. And I told my grandfather that I was supposed to be a girl. And he basically corrected me and said, no, you are a boy.
[00:03:50] You're supposed to be a boy. I said, no, no, that's not how it was supposed to go. So after that, I was like, I didn't want to tell nobody else that I was. Who I wanted to be. 
[00:04:03] Gabrielle: And what kind of relationship do you have with your mom and your brother now? 
[00:04:06] Sabrina: Um, me and my mom has a very, that's my best friend. She's my mom.
[00:04:11] She's everything to me. Um, and my brothers are all my, they're all, well we're not so close as we're supposed to be. But I still love my brothers. They all respect me for who I am. And they call me Sabrina and sister and my nieces and nephews call me auntie.
[00:04:30] Lily: And, um, besides your mom and your brothers, I mean, what people have been most important in your life? 
[00:04:36] Sabrina: Um, my husband, Dennis Hobson, um, he's, he's always been near, you know, um, we always had our ups and downs, but he's still always been here for me. Um, we've been together for six years now, you see his name right here, um, but we've been together for six years, um, we've been through so much, um, but he's always been near.
[00:04:57] Um, a few of my closest friends has been near. Um, since I met them, like, everybody I meet becomes my friend, so it's like, I don't hang with everybody, but I always have a good rapport, I mean, a good thing with everybody, you know what I'm saying? Mm hmm. Uh, well, I mean, when did you, uh, meet Dennis? Um, we met actually in jail.
[00:05:19] Oh. I've been in jail, um, it's really sad for me to say, but, um, I don't regret my past. I've been in jail every year since 2006. Um, from, from using drugs and stuff like that. I've been going back and forth to jail since 2006. I met him in 2018, um, probably a little bit before that, but I knew of him, but we met, we got together in 2018, May 27th, we came, um, we got together and after that, you know, we came home and we came together.
[00:05:54] Lily: What was your first experience or encounter with drugs in that world? 
[00:05:58] Sabrina: Drugs? 
[00:05:59] Well, my first encounter with marijuana, I was 13. Um, I was smoking marijuana, um, I was smoking marijuana a lot once I became like 15. Um, and I also started doing pills at like 16. I started drinking like around, I was actually taking sips of alcohol when I was young.
[00:06:21] I was sneaking in my mom's drawer taking her sips. But um, I started drinking like around 17, 18 and I started, I had started crack cocaine at 18.
[00:06:39] Gabrielle: Um, so tell me about, uh, more about that. Was there kind of a community around drugs that you found from them? 
[00:06:45] Sabrina: Oh, yeah. Um, well, for one, um, sex work came along, um, at a young age also. Because they, they brought us by this place, they call it the boy stroll. And they was like, you better not let me catch you out here.
[00:06:59] And I was like, I'm not going to be out here. But I was like, I can get money like that. So, and like, it was like about 14, 15. I started sex work. I wasn't really doing a lot with it. Cause I was basically young and I was a virgin. But I was still like. I was conning them out of their money, and then I was like, you know, I'm only 14, you, um, I have to get back home, and they were like, okay, well just take it and go, like, I was like really trying to, I was really learning how to be proliferative at a young age with prostitution and, um, sex work, um, and you know, wait, what was the question again?
[00:07:33] Gabrielle: Did you find any kind of community? 
[00:07:34] Sabrina: Yeah, um, basically the trans community back then was very into sex work because we couldn't really get jobs and they wasn't really offering us jobs. They wasn't trying to and um, a lot of the trans community was really harder getting jobs. The gay community, like the regular, um, you know, um, non binary and stuff like that, they was easier getting jobs because of how they was, but the trans community was really hard to get us in here, especially if we didn't have a name change or it says him on our, I mean, male on our, our, um, ID.
[00:08:06] It was really hard to get jobs back then, so everybody was really doing sex work back then. A lot of, a whole lot of the um, the um, black community, black trans community, and the Puerto Rican trans community was really into sex work, um, at a younger, a young age. 
[00:08:22] Gabrielle: And how do you feel that sex work kind of shaped your idea of your gender identity?
[00:08:28] Was it affirming in any way, or what are your thoughts around 
[00:08:30] that? 
[00:08:30] Sabrina: Um, well, at first, in the beginning, before I started crack cocaine, Um, it was basically, you know, um, I was, did sex work as a gay male at that time. So it was like, you know, I could just do this. And when I became transgender at 18, um, well, I was in and out at 17, but I became four times transgender or trans woman at 18.
[00:08:55] Um, it made me feel better because, you know, it's all these guys want me and stuff like that. But once, you know, I really got into my addiction and stuff like that, I just felt like I was degrading myself and I did not like sex work anymore because I basically was putting myself out there for things that I wouldn't do with nobody and, um, for not even a lot of money.
[00:09:15] So it was like really degrading. 
[00:09:18] Gabrielle: And how did you feel during that time, uh, over issues of your safety? Did you feel, uh, in harm's way at any 
[00:09:24] time? 
[00:09:24] Sabrina: Um, when I was younger, no, I did not feel in harm's way. But in the addiction, um, I did feel in harm's way a whole lot of times. People don't pull out guns on me.
[00:09:35] Um, I've been attacked. I've been raped and stuff like that. So I was really taking risks every time I got in a car, especially in that type of... Um, especially using drugs, you know, I was really putting myself at risk because some people just looked at me as an addict and, you know, they thought they probably could take advantage of me and that's probably, that's kind of what they was doing out there to a lot of people.
[00:09:58] Lily: Yeah. Uh, and, and with that, I mean, you talked about that you had been to jail. I mean, have, uh, how have your experiences been with police and law enforcement in general? 
[00:10:07] Sabrina: Um, well, back, back in the day when I first started, they was very, uh, Um, they would, they did not like us. Um, I didn't hear the officers jump out and snatch my girlfriend's hair off and empty our bags out.
[00:10:21] Um, being very aggressive and very, very disrespectful towards us because of who we was. Misgendering us, calling us by our, um, given name once they see who we are. And misgendering us even though they know that we're trans people, trans people. Um, The police was very harsh, and sometimes they still are. 
[00:10:44] Gabrielle: Do you feel that, um, the police in Philadelphia have changed at all over time?
[00:10:48] Sabrina: Well, 
[00:10:48] they have changed a lot, you know. Um, they're more respectful, I can say that. Um, they're not so ignorant unless you're doing something you're not supposed to be doing. But, um, they have changed, yes, they did. 
[00:11:02] Lily: Have you ever, uh, felt like you had to choose between expressing your gender identity and maintaining your security or safety?
[00:11:10] Sabrina: I don't understand. 
[00:11:12] Like, um, I'm not sure how I... 
[00:11:16] Gabrielle: Like in front of the police, um, have there ever been times where you kind of feel like you have to hide who you are to protect 
[00:11:23] yourself? 
[00:11:24] Sabrina: No. Um, no, not at all. I mean, I, I wouldn't want to, well for one, I don't like to hide who I am, and you know, um, I'm very out and open, like my friends be like, why did you say that, cause if we, we be walking down the street, if everybody's staring at me or us, I be like, oh my god, I just feel so good to be a trans woman, why do I have to look this good, and I'll say it out loud, so that, you know, y'all can stop staring, or wondering, or whatever y'all think y'all doing, but, um, I love being a trans woman, um, I identify as trans, trans, trans.
[00:11:57] Gender. Yeah. 
[00:11:58] Gabrielle: And can you tell us some things about like what brings you 
[00:12:01] gender euphoria? Um, euphoria. Yeah. Like 
[00:12:06] what makes you feel really good and secure in your gender? 
[00:12:08] Sabrina: Um, just being different, um, being, I call myself a mystical creature. Um, so I just feel so different. I mean, I feel like, you know, um, I don't know.
[00:12:19] extraterrestrial , you know, like a different type of. That's how I feel. It feels good to be me and accept me for who I am. Um, you know, um, I still have all my body parts. So it's like, I wouldn't want to get rid of them. And I just love being me, you know? 
[00:12:37] Gabrielle: And with that, um, what's your relationship with your body?
[00:12:40] Like, and how has it changed or hasn't it changed over the years? 
[00:12:43] Sabrina: Yes. Yes. It changed a lot. Um, as a young male, um, I believe I was like more muscular. Um, Um, I was, you know, I wasn't so, I feel more softer. I feel, I've taken more hormones. Um, I have my breasts grew. Um, I don't really need no type of surgeries and, um, I don't, I really don't want none anyway, but, um, yeah, I just feel different.
[00:13:09] I feel better. I feel more feminine. I feel that, um. Me becoming into who I am took a real long process because when I was young, I was wearing like, you know, raunchy clothes and showing my body and all this stuff and I became some more of a woman, you know, um, I don't want to show my butt cheeks and, um, or have on see through clothes and stuff like that.
[00:13:35] Like I'm going to the hoe stroll, because I really respect myself. I feel like I have more integrity being a trans woman and growing into who I am. 
[00:13:45] Lily: That's great. Um, can you tell me about the biggest challenges that you face being trans? 
[00:13:51] Sabrina: Um, Basically, um, society, um, they're very judgmental. Some people when you, when I'm walking out the door or, um, some of them are confrontational, some guy put a knife out on me, my girlfriend's like three days ago.
[00:14:08] Yeah. Um, They're very confrontational, they're very ignorant, they're very hateful. And it's like, you know, you don't know what they want. Is it because they don't like you because you're trans? Or they don't like you because they like you? Or in so many other ways. And it's a lot of mean people out there.
[00:14:25] You know, um. But you know, society is the main thing, um, to me it's not work because I have a very good attitude when I, if I, if I wanted a job I know I could probably get it because of how I present myself and um, I'm very outgoing and friendly. But society basically is the, is the main thing, like living in the city, basically.
[00:14:46] Lily: Yeah, with uh, living in the city, I mean, it's... Philadelphia different than other places that you've lived in terms of acceptance? 
[00:14:53] Sabrina: Um, Philadelphia, back in the day when I was younger, I've been chased by guys just because of who I am, um, especially in North Philadelphia, um, It's more known now, you know, it's like in Philadelphia.
[00:15:06] It's more known. It's a lot of LGBTQ people walking the streets every day and it's still hate crimes going on, but they're lesser than what's back in the day because they wasn't really like documenting the hate crimes back in the day, but now they're documenting. It's not a whole lot as much as it was back in the day, but other cities like New York and Atlanta was very openly open 
[00:15:29] Gabrielle: And where have you found community in the places that you've lived?
[00:15:33] Sabrina: Um, well, New York was just, it was, I was actually in sex work when I went to New York. I was just going like, we call it on tour, like online dating, but, um, they got a whole little section like neighborhood there, um, but the gays out there are more confrontational with Philadelphia, um, LGBTQ, but Atlanta is really lovely.
[00:15:53] I loved it in Atlanta. Um, it's basically like a whole gay city to me. What brought you to Atlanta and New York? 
[00:16:01] My mom had moved from Philly to Atlanta and I moved with her. I was there for two years. In New York, you know, I was just doing sex work. I was, and then my mom used to take us on trips to New York and stuff like that.
[00:16:14] Gabrielle: Do you have any good, really good memories, um, from Atlanta being with your mom? 
[00:16:19] Sabrina: Yeah,,,,,,, my mom, uh, my mom is the shit, like, so. Um, I don't know, but she, you know, she took care of us. You know, she had her up and downs and stuff like that. But she always was resilient and she always strived to be better. And she always...
[00:16:34] better. Yeah. 
[00:16:35] Gabrielle: And do you think those values that your mom instilled in you have shaped the person that you've become today? 
[00:16:40] Sabrina: Yes. My mom has a lot of class, you know, um, she has a lot of respect for herself. Um, she know how to let go of things and move on with her life. Um, she know how to bounce back out of any situation and she's always still moving, trying to get hired with her, um, with her attitudes, like make it better and everything like that.
[00:17:02] And how has 
[00:17:03] Gabrielle: your relationship with your mom, since you're so close, how has that kind of, um, helped you through your times with drugs and going to jail? 
[00:17:11] Sabrina: Well, my mom, she was a recovering addict. Um, she, she has like eight years clean off of the crack cocaine, like probably more than that, actually. Um, she stopped getting high.
[00:17:22] with, um, God. God helped her stop getting high. Um, but she just didn't want to go back. Like she, she hated it. She hated what it did to her. And we're kind of alike in a lot of ways with addiction and how it, how, while we degraded ourselves going out there doing the sex work and running the streets and being tired.
[00:17:39] And she just doesn't want no more. 
[00:17:42] Gabrielle: And do you feel like, um, her religious background has influenced you at all? What's your relationship like with spirituality? 
[00:17:49] Sabrina: Yeah, I'm Christian. Um, I believe in Jesus. Um, she's a Christian. My great grandma was a Christian and my great grandma basically instilled in all of us about Christ and that we're saved.
[00:18:01] And, um, all we had to do was ask for forgiveness, um, and continue to have a beautiful spirit. That's great. Um, I'm just gonna switch gears a little bit. Okay. Before, I heard you talking about the ballroom scene. Yeah. Um, that you were a part of that. Can you tell me how you got into that, if that was in Philadelphia, and what that experience was like?
[00:18:20] Yeah, it was in Philadelphia. Um, when I first came out, I was a Dior. Um, it was, it was, it was run out because I had actually ran away from home and at 13 and I was with them, um, the whole house of Dior, it was like a new chapter in Philly. And um, they had me walk in school wear on this and um, it was like, it was fun.
[00:18:42] It was, it was a lot of fun. I still watch Marlboro to this day. Um. It was just good watching and learning how to vogue and stuff like that and learning from older people and then after that I became a Quran When John Quran was the father and he wanted me to walk the school with realness But I was like so much in and out of um, juvie placement, I couldn't really get into the house and stuff.
[00:19:06] And then he wanted me to walk drags performance, and I'm like, I'm not doing it. Cause I was scared, I was like, I didn't know what my family was going to think about me going up in drags at that time. I was very young. And um, it was just a good experience. Like they had house meetings and it was always focused on the house.
[00:19:21] The house always had each other's back. I loved it. Yeah, I still like watching it and stuff like that. 
[00:19:27] Gabrielle: Yeah, so when you ran away from home, did you live in the house of, uh, Dior? 
[00:19:32] Sabrina: No, it wasn't really a house. It was like, uh, we went over each other's houses and And like, um, did routines and stuff like that. I was living with my gay father at the time.
[00:19:43] Um, he had took me and I was living with him and his mom. And, um, he was like real friendly with the gays and they was like allowing them, like trying to take care of them and help them and stuff like that. Um, he's still kind of like that too, I believe. But, um, yeah, but it was like we was staying, I was staying at his mom's house.
[00:19:59] And, yeah, it was good. 
[00:20:02] Gabrielle: Do you have any, uh, current roles in, you know, uh, creating or performing or any type of artistic 
[00:20:08] pursuits? 
[00:20:09] Sabrina: Yes, I write poetry. And I say poetry, um, um, I'm really good at poetry. I love poetry. I actually did, I did poetry at the William Way and they paid me when I went there. Um, I have it on my, on my YouTube thing.
[00:20:23] Um, but it was very, I love poetry. I just do. I love, I love to make it and write it and learn how and learn it by heart and say it. 
[00:20:33] Gabrielle: And can you tell us a little bit about, uh, the themes that you kind of talk about in your poetry, what you're really interested in communicating 
[00:20:39] through?
[00:20:39] Sabrina: Yeah, I love, my favorite, um, thing to communicate is actually about addiction, um, I love, like, uplifting people on addiction, that I went through it and how to get out of it.
[00:20:49] Uh, I'm also working on a poem called Sunshine, it's going to be about God, and, um, I also have another poem called Transgender's, Transsexual's Art of Seduction. And, um, yeah, I mean, I like to uplift people, you know, make them feel better. 
[00:21:05] Gabrielle: And has anyone really inspired you in your creative process? Are there any people you're really 
[00:21:09] close to?
[00:21:10] Sabrina: Basically my mom. Um, she writes these, um, I don't know, I can't say they're poetry, but it's like, uh, words of wisdom, something like that. It sounds so good and it's so strong and she used to do it on a tape recorder when I was little. Like, you know how they old fashioned tape recorders you had to put in and stuff?
[00:21:28] She used to say something real inspiring when people would call her. And I was like, okay, mom. And that came to me when I was in jobs upstate. And it came to me, um, I was like, let me just write poetry. And I became really good at it. 
[00:21:42] And how do you think that your, uh, kind of relationship with poetry and art has impacted your relationship with your gender?
[00:21:49] Um, poetry to art. It made me more, um, passionate about what people go through. Um, I understand people always gotta go through things, but I believe they should be able, well they can one day get they self out of it. If they really try and really want to get out of it. Um, it made me want to write, put like, How I'm feeling into, into like how I'm feeling about being trans or an addict and put it into paper and write it on paper and share it with other people.
[00:22:21] That's great. Um, and so you talked about speaking at William Way, and, um, I know that you're part of the Morris Home as well. Um, what is your relationship and history with the Morris Home? Well, this is like my fourth time in the Morris Home. Um, they've always helped transgender people, um, trans people, any, it doesn't matter what type of person, but they always helped trans people and non binary people.
[00:22:47] Um, you know. They, once I, once it first opened, it was like, it wasn't getting a lot of It was getting a lot of people, but they didn't really have funding. But once they got funding, it was able to really help people. And they put people in positions to really help people. And right now it's like, to me it's probably the best recovery place in the world to be right now.
[00:23:09] Because they really help trans people get housing, SSI, surgeries. You know, they probably help, they help us get back on our medications and work us, work with, work with us with mental health problems. It's a very good place to be at for trans, trans people. 
[00:23:25] Gabrielle: And what kind of relationships have you formed with the people you've met at the Morris home?
[00:23:30] Sabrina: Um, They call me the fairy. I had made a lot of relationships with everybody. I like every, I love everybody there. So I see the staff, some of the staff in there. There's like the director there now, Mama Shaina, she's been here before when I was there. Um, a lot of, a lot of them there have been here. Um, I just built, I built a really good relationship with everybody.
[00:23:56] And I hope that they can stay clean so we can all stay in contact. Um, are there any experiences at Morse Film that were really impactful for you? Um, they took me to Hershey Park before. That was amazing. Because I've never, I've never been to a music park. That was like, this is like 2016. They took me there.
[00:24:19] And I haven't been there in a long time. Just, um, housing, I had, last time I was here, I had my lifetime housing voucher and I left there because I was upset about something and I'm a tourist, so I, I was like, I'm stubborn. I was out, but I lost that housing voucher and right this time that I'm here, I'm willing to stay longer so that I can get everything that I need and work on, really work on myself while I'm there.
[00:24:45] And, you know, but they really, like, just, I guess just the love they have to give, yeah. 
[00:24:50] Gabrielle: And I know you talked about how the Morris home has changed in terms of funding, um, across your time that you've been there. Are there any other ways that you've seen the home kind of change? 
[00:25:00] Sabrina: Oh, yeah. The whole home changed.
[00:25:03] They have a whole new place. It has three floors. Everybody has their own room. This food it got food all in here. It's it's just they got TVs and you can watch TV You can watch any type of shows you want. I binge watched Game of Thrones and House is Ragnarok But it has changed a lot because they like they really work on us with our mental health the groups are good , they really, they really help us.
[00:25:30] You know, they got more stricter with going out. 'cause last time, the old Morris home, back in the day, we was, we could be out until nine o'clock at night or 11 o'clock if you're on level three. And I never thought that was good for nobody. 'cause we can't be being out at nighttime. What are we doing? Like, so now, you know, you get, you get past this, you get three passes a week and it's, it's just better.
[00:25:49] Mm-Hmm.
[00:25:49] Gabrielle: And what do you mean by level three? Is that a way to characterize the people that live there? Say it again. Is that like a way of, you know, kind of showing like how long you've been there or? 
[00:25:59] Sabrina: Well, I really don't know. Um, I don't, cause I just, I don't want to talk random out of the way. But, I just don't know.
[00:26:05] But, um. Once you get on level 3, it just means that you are able to go out longer. Not longer, you can do a lot of different things. You can go out to the store by yourself, or you can go to meetings more often. Um, it's actually better, I really want to go to meetings more, but I don't plan on being out or staying out longer if I can.
[00:26:28] Um, but you know, um. You have to, I guess you can. I don't know if you could be there long, as long as you be there or if you're really doing what you gotta do. But they see level three as they see fit. Mm-Hmm. . And, um, and you talked about the, like the mental health care that Morris Home has, has given Mm-Hmm.
[00:26:46] and they've been really helpful with that. What have your experiences been with other gender affirming healthcare or like healthcare more generally? Um, um, well, healthcare, it depends on where you're going. You know, um, sometimes you have to pay for your hormones, or you have to pay for all your medications.
[00:27:04] Um, it's just different. Like, if they can, because the Morrisone sets you up with people that really help, help the trans people. So, um, you know, I don't know, because they, they had talked me into taking medication for my, for my anxiety. And at first I was like, no, and I waited a whole month. And then the next month I took the pills, and my anxiety is a whole lot better.
[00:27:25] Gabrielle: That's great. And how, I know you talked about a little bit about, uh, your spiritual practices before. Um, have you ever explored, uh, anything beyond Western medicine to feel better in your body or gender? 
[00:27:40] Sabrina: What you mean? 
[00:27:41] Gabrielle: Um, like outside of going to a doctor's office or taking pills like you said. Um, to make my body feel better?
[00:27:47] Yeah, any kind of like meditation or anything like that that you really like to do? 
[00:27:51] Sabrina: Well, um, Um, I was planning on going to boxing class. I don't go yet, but, um, I asked, um, someone there if I can sign up for boxing or self defense classes so I can just know how to get away from somebody or get them off of me or something like that.
[00:28:08] Because I told you I've been raped before and that was, and put in a predicament like the other day, three days ago, some guy put a knife out on me and my girlfriend. I didn't have no mates and I felt powerless and I did not like that feeling. It was like, Oh my God, he could have did anything he wanted, you know, and I don't like that.
[00:28:24] It doesn't feel good to me. 
[00:28:26] Gabrielle: And are there any other ways that, uh, you kind of practice to feel like strong and like you have your power? 
[00:28:32] Sabrina: Um,
[00:28:36] Just keeping my positive attitude. I mean, and having a spicy mouth if somebody, you know, um, because I can fight, so I don't know why they would think just run up on me. It's not going to happen.
[00:28:50] Uh, you just spoke about, you know, experience with sexual trauma. Would you mind telling me more about your experience, uh, dating and sex and relationships? Um, yeah, um, well dating, what do you mean, like sex work? Uh, either, like, sex work or just dating in general. Um, well, dating guys, I don't really trust them at all.
[00:29:13] Um, I don't like when they're staring at me. It makes me feel uncomfortable when I walk in the street because I don't really know what they're staring at me for or if they're trying to figure out what I am or if they want to hurt me. It's just, it just gives me anxiety. And the sex work, I don't do sex work no more.
[00:29:28] I would never do sex work again. It was very degrading, um, profession. And I couldn't do it. I just can't. I don't feel woman. I don't feel like a woman when I do that. I feel like, um, just a piece of trash, basically. So, um, but other than that, dating, um, I haven't been dating nobody. I still, I'm just with my husband.
[00:29:48] Um, or my significant other. Um, I don't really like guys. I don't really talk to them. I don't trust guys. 
[00:29:57] Gabrielle: And how has your time with Dennis kind of allowed you to open up more? 
[00:30:01] Sabrina: Well, he's helped me a whole lot. Um, he's helped me become more confident. Um, he said I'm bougie, you know, um, he just, he pushes me forward and you know, if he's not doing good, it makes me feel like, you know, um, you it's like, um, I don't know.
[00:30:20] Sometimes if he's telling me to do something and he's not doing, it makes me feel like you're not doing it yourself. So why would you tell me? But when he's really doing what he has to do, it makes me really, um, want to do more and, and really For us to work on ourselves even better. 
[00:30:35] Gabrielle: And before you mentioned that you guys met in jail, correct?
[00:30:38] Uh, how do you feel like that kind of laid a foundation for your relationship? Do you feel like there's stronger trust because of that? Or because you share a unique experience? 
[00:30:46] Sabrina: Um, I just feel like, like, I feel like he's my protector and like when I'm around him, I feel very, very safe and, um, I see him in jail.
[00:30:56] He's a little cuckoo, so, um, I feel very confident and he's a very happy person though. He believes in God a whole lot. He reads the Bible and prays, um, I, he introduced me to his family, his children, um, his friends around his neighborhood. He doesn't hide me at all because I, I feel like, I'm glad he doesn't because I don't feel I'm not the person to be a secret.
[00:31:18] So respect me for who I am and, and own, own yourself. You know, 
[00:31:23] Gabrielle: how has your time been, you know, meeting his family and his friends? Have you found, you know, a larger community even through that? 
[00:31:29] Sabrina: Um, well, Not a community. No, not a community. I don't really like his neighborhood is, but um, he lives in West Philly, but um, It's just better because he's known all throughout Philadelphia.
[00:31:41] A lot of people know him everywhere we go. Somebody be like, hey Dennis, hey Dennis. And you know, it's like, um, I'm glad of that because I told him the other day, the streets talk. If you, if I was messing around, somebody would tell him. If I was doing something wrong, they would tell him. If I was in trouble, they would tell him.
[00:31:56] Or if I needed help, they would tell him. So, um, his family has always been here for him. Um, they're very hard on him a little bit, probably because they don't understand addiction, but, um, they're always here. That's great. And before Dennis, what was your experience like being trans in jail? Uh, it was basically, um, I was, I would sign on PC or most times I would go in population.
[00:32:24] Like most, most of the LGBTQ community goes to protective custody in jail. They're very disrespectful in jail. The inmates in jail are very disrespectful and you got to really have tough skin to be in population. Um, Normally, I would always be in a population. Um, after a certain point in time, I stopped going to PC because I wanted to go to population.
[00:32:46] And I, I have very tough skin, so all the name calling and stuff, I can call you one back. And um, but this, this, you just gotta know how, you gotta know how to carry yourself in jail. You know, you can't be doing too much or you'll be in a hole or you'll be locked in your cell. Um, but PC is where all the...
[00:33:03] LGBTQ people are. And it's a lot of fun over here to be around them, but it's a lot of, um, back and forth drama. It's a lot of drama on PC. It's a lot of drama, protective custody. Um, but population, I'm basically to myself and I can really work on myself and like be to myself and understand things that I need to do when I leave out of jail.
[00:33:23] Gabrielle: And were you able to find, uh, kind of members of the LGBT community and population or was that more exclusive to PC? 
[00:33:30] Sabrina: Um, well you'll see them here and there, they don't put us all together, but um, they do, um, I was in a cell with another trans woman and we had a good time in the cell, um, they normally put us together if we were on the same block.
[00:33:43] Uh, or they'll, if they're in the same section, the same pod area, they'll move them from that pod to move them to my pod. Cause normally I don't like being in the cell with guys by myself cause most of them always want to have sex or basically that's all they want to do. If you're in the cell by yourself with them, that's what they want to do.
[00:33:59] They want to have sex with you and... All this secretive stuff, and it's not stuff that I'm into. Um, I have done it in the past. In the past, I used to get me a sugar daddy when I was younger, like 25. I used to get me a sugar daddy and, you know, have a little boyfriend and let the time pass. But, once I was with Dennis, it was like, you know, I don't need no time to pass because he is my time.
[00:34:20] I'm looking forward to seeing him. And I couldn't be Sullivan and Joe for two years. I was, I was there for two years last time. And he wasn't with me, so I was by myself and I didn't have a boyfriend. 
[00:34:32] Gabrielle: Were you able to, uh, see Dennis or communicate with him in any way during that time?
[00:34:36] Sabrina: Yeah, we, um, we had, uh, cause you know, they call this place called, um, 120.
[00:34:42] It's like the suicidal word. So we would say, we would write each other notes and boomerang it to each other. And, um, like, I would put his name on both parts and put it in the mail and they would send it back to him. So... So, um, he'll be like, or we'll call his family and his brother be like, Dennis said, meet him at 120 on such and such a day.
[00:35:02] So that day I would go and say, I'm going to kill myself. And we'll go to, they'll take us to another jail, DC. And we'll be over here together, but we can't be in the same cell, but we can like talk to each other under the door. We did it a lot. And actually doing that, we had caught COVID from that place.
[00:35:17] Cause everybody was getting it. Every time they went over 120, they was getting COVID. And he was really sick with COVID, um, real sick because he's older. He's, he was 44 back then. Um, but he's 46 now back then, but I had COVID, it just went away like in the seven days, I guess, um, cause the symptoms went away in seven days.
[00:35:34] I don't know because in jail, it took them so long to them to see me. They never seen me about me putting in sick horses saying I had COVID. Yeah. 
[00:35:42] Gabrielle: And I was going to ask about that. What was your experience like with getting healthcare in jail? 
[00:35:46] Sabrina: It's very, I mean, they help you to a certain extent, like, right.
[00:35:50] Like one time he was having stomach problems and his hernia was messing him. They never did nothing for him. They did nothing. Um, it was really hard back in the day to get hormones, hormones. Um, Yeah, they give us a shot now, but it was just so hard if it wasn't a life threatening thing They would not see you and I and back then this is when COVID first started with 2019 And I didn't I couldn't smell I had a trouble breathing and I was in a hole by myself Locked in the cell by myself and I was kept banging on the door asking to see medical They would not send me nowhere.
[00:36:23] So they never I don't even know if I had COVID or not Maybe it was a cold. I don't know but I was Throwing up. I was, I had diarrhea, I had shortness of breath. I couldn't smell or taste none of my food. And I just felt so weak. And I'm like, why am I like this? Like you're not doing nothing. And they never seen me, but I could have swo.
[00:36:40] I knew that was covid because I never did it. It never happened before. 
[00:36:42] Gabrielle: Do you feel like your experiences have kind of sparked an interest in activism at all? 
[00:36:48] Sabrina: Yes, I would love to, um, like I'm doing peer specialist. I'm about to start a peer specialist. I have to finish the other classes. I did the storytelling peer specialist thing and the drug overdose thing.
[00:37:00] Um, and I'm doing the first aid thing, how to do CPR and stuff like that. So I'm hopefully I'm doing peer specialist classes next week or the week, I mean next month or the month after, but I would love to be an activist and support and help Youth, trans youth, and, um, LGBTQ youth, I would love to help them and tell them about my story and let them know that, you know, you can get out of anything, you don't have to use drugs, you don't have to do sex work, and I would love to tell people about the jail, and, um, how the COs treat us in there, they're very disrespectful, um, You don't, if you're not doing something right, I mean, they're ignorant, they will hit you and all types of stuff.
[00:37:39] They'll mace you for no reason. If you, if you want to talk to a white shirt, they do not allow you to. A white shirt is basically a captain or a sergeant or something. They won't let you to possess our rights to talk to them. They don't let, they don't allow us to do none of that. It's like very, it's very bad in there.
[00:37:53] Very bad. They talk to us with very, um, a lot of disrespect. 
[00:37:58] Gabrielle: And how was your time, uh, like after, every time you would come out of jail, did you feel like it kind of took a period of time for you to get back into like a better mental space after that? 
[00:38:08] Sabrina: Um, kind of, yeah, because there's no, there is recovery in jail, but being on PC or in certain jails, you don't get options program, which is the, um, the drug program.
[00:38:22] Um, it's very hard to come from there to there because You're just going home. You're going to the streets and for me being homeless for so long I was back to the street, you know It's not it's not nothing to really help me to put me back out there unless I'm going to on a program Which is a drug program I got to go to but other than that They just let you out and when you go out and you got money on your books Like every time I left jail I went to use and I always did I had to like find my way because I wasn't getting no help when I was in Jail and when I went to jail I went to jail high.
[00:38:55] I wasn't going to jail, you know, sober. And so when I came home, I probably wouldn't do the same thing, so I do understand that. 
[00:39:02] Gabrielle: And what were, what was your experience like with homelessness? 
[00:39:05] Sabrina: It was horrible. Um, being homeless is very hard because essentially if I'm using, because I don't want to stop. And sometimes I do, but you know, being by myself is even harder.
[00:39:21] But you know, when I was with my husband, if he was homeless, you know, I felt better. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, if he's not with me, I will always want to try to get help and do better. But I've never been, I've never really been attacked in homelessness. Um, probably in my addiction, I've been attacked.
[00:39:39] I've been attacked a couple of times, but being homeless, I always find safe places to sleep because I don't want to be by myself and sleeping by myself. That would be like, I'll be vulnerable. 
[00:39:48] Gabrielle: And where do you go to look for safe places to go? 
[00:39:51] Sabrina: Well, um, sometimes I go to shelters. Um, the female shelters, they got male shelters I used to go to when, before I couldn't go to female shelters back in the day.
[00:40:00] Um, but I would, when I was downtown, I would normally go like all the way down like 7th and Locust. And I would find a little alley and I would sleep here because it's very peaceful down here. 
[00:40:12] Lily: And what, what was your experience like being trans and like in a women's shelter versus a men's shelter? 
[00:40:17] Gabrielle: Um, it was alright.
[00:40:20] You know, they tried to steal my things, but it was okay. It was alright. It was alright. Um, it's better than being in a men's, a male shelter. Because the male shelter, all they want to do is, is try to look at you and stare at you or talk trash or try to have sex with you. They're doing a whole lot of drugs in here.
[00:40:37] They do it in every shelter, but in the men's shelter, it's like more drugs. Because, I don't know, it's just, it's just harder and it's, it's not very comfortable to be trans in the male shelter. 
[00:40:48] Lily: And you talked about your interest in poetry and stuff like that. Can you share a dream that you have for the future or hopes that you 
[00:40:55] Sabrina: Um, yeah, I would love to continue to write my poetry and I want it to be known.
[00:41:01] I mean, I want it to get out there to somewhere and I would love to share with like a big, like a big variety of people so they can get an understanding of trans people or, you know, um, addiction. Mm
[00:41:20] hmm.
[00:41:23] Um, and you talked about wanting to, uh, You know, share and help younger and newer trans people. 
[00:41:30] Lily: Um, what is a message that you would have for younger, uh, trans people? 
[00:41:34] Sabrina: Um, the message I would have for them... Um, is that your life is, is your life is basically what you make it. And if you make the right decisions and try to do the right things in life without drug use or sex work, you can really become something.
[00:41:51] Um, all people are, are blessed by God and you know, we all here for a purpose and our purpose is really to help other people. So we have to figure out who we are and once you really figure out who you are, you can really get out there and help other people and live your life. And if your family is not there for you as for who you are, then you should, um, you know, not really, I mean, you can always talk to your family, but if they don't respect you for who you are, then, then they don't deserve respect either.
[00:42:18] And, you know, um, but as a youth person, you know, you have to respect your elders until you get to where you can to get out of there and focus on yourself and go to school and do not do drugs. 
[00:42:30] Gabrielle: And how 
[00:42:30] do you feel like your experiences in life have really shaped the person you've become? I know you talked about your positive attitude and how you can get along with everyone.
[00:42:40] Sabrina: Um, I guess when I was young, um, before I, um, before I really came out into the gay scene, I was a bully and, um, I used to bully people in school. Um, I really felt like I was misunderstood because nobody really knew who I really was. And I had to hide who I was from my family. So I lashed out on other people and then becoming, um, a gay person at a young age, I started being bullied.
[00:43:07] And I think that, you know, that's not a real, that's not nice to bully people or treat people mean, regardless of who they are or anything, you know, um. It made me really see myself and see that I can just be nice to everybody. You know, even sometimes even if people are being mean to me, I can still, I can eat them with a smile and turn their frown upside down, you know what I'm saying, not right side up, I mean, but, um, yeah, so, you know, I just like.
[00:43:36] I don't know. I just take on the people because I love being who I am and everybody should have an experience of somebody in their life that can make them smile. 
[00:43:46] And do you feel like through your positive attitude you found friends that are really supportive of you and kind of echo that 
[00:43:53] attitude? Yeah.
[00:43:54] Um, every time I come around people start smiling. That's why they call me the fairy when I come in the house. You know, I be doing twirls and stuff. I be making people laugh. And, um, I love that about me and, um, I'm just, I'm kind of like my mom. My mom be making people smile too, you know. She comes like, hey baby.
[00:44:14] But, you know, um, I have a lot of positive friends like my goddaughter and, um, my bestie, Cashae. Um, yeah. 
[00:44:24] Gabrielle: Tell us more about Cashae. Um, I know that you guys are super close. So, you know, how did you meet and, you know, what's your relationship like? 
[00:44:32] Sabrina: Me and Cashae actually met a long, like, about at least like seven years ago.
[00:44:37] We met out on the, um, the strip, like, um, the prostituting and stuff like that. And we took on to each other and we had each other's backs out there. And then we met up in jail and, you know, our bond came closer and closer. Um, our bonds always been close, like I always had her my, she always had her back, she always had my back.
[00:44:56] And that's what I love about her, her loyalty is like, um, unbreakable. You cannot, nobody can stop her from being a loyal to me or not a friend to me. And that's how I, I'm the same way with her. And she's a Virgo and I'm a Taurus, and we do connect a whole lot, you know what I'm saying? And, um, you know, just being in jail with her and being around her, I love her to death, like, that's like my bestie.
[00:45:18] And I have other best friends, but, you know, I'm, um, Cashae is my best friend right now, that's me. I have two other best friends, um, two other girls, trans girls, but Cashae, you know, I see her going real far with herself and her, um, Doing things. She's doing, she's about to go to school. She's doing a lot of stuff for herself.
[00:45:35] And I really want that positive energy around me. 
[00:45:38] Gabrielle: Do you feel like Cashae has inspired you 
[00:45:41] Sabrina: in any way? Uh, yeah, she inspired me. Um, I guess, you know, Cashae is like, um, Cashae is not like, she's not really sentimental or nothing like that, but she does push me forward. Like she was talking to me today about certain Certain things we talked about and she wants to see me elevate just like I want to see her elevate.
[00:46:03] It's just like a mutual. It's just a good, you know, it's a good connection. 
[00:46:08] Lily: That's great. And you talked about your goddaughter. Can you tell me who that is? 
[00:46:13] Sabrina: She actually signed up for the program too. She don't know why she wasn't called. She's going off. But, um, Janiyah Smith, um, that's my goddaughter. I love her dearly.
[00:46:22] She's actually my only goddaughter. And, um, I love her to death. You know, um, that little girl, well she's not a little girl, but she's a little girl to me. Um, she is just crazy. I love her. She's wild. And, you know, I believe that if I continue to try to help her, she can, she can, um, start moving more forward with herself and doing better things.
[00:46:42] She's doing good things too. And how did you meet her? Oh, I met her in, actually no wait, I met her in jail. I didn't meet her really in jail. We wasn't really around each other. This was like last year. It was the year before last, I think. But, um, I seen her, I was in Population and she was on PC and they was like, um, they had to put us they had to put us away because they was coming through.
[00:47:05] And I looked at her and she was like I was like, what? She realized and then I did a twirl and she was like But um, yeah, she um did not see her in the in medical and we was talking for a little bit But, um, yeah, I like this. I love Janiyah, and then I met her back again because I didn't know her then, I just, I had met her, but then I met her again in the Morris home, and she's Cashae daughter, and, um, her, her gay daughter, and, um, yeah, she just, I just, I just, we have, she has a similar happy personality like me, you know.
[00:47:37] Gabrielle: And how often do you get to see 
[00:47:39] Sabrina: Janiyah? She's in the Morris home. Oh. Yeah. I'll be going back to her to y'all.
[00:47:52] Um, is there anything that you would like to be remembered for? And what would it be if so? 
[00:47:57] Gabrielle: Um, I would like to be remembered for my, um, positive energy, my happy spirit, um, I feel like, um, I don't know. I think I'm just the fairy. I'm the mystical creature. Just remember me as Sabrina, I guess. I don't know. 
[00:48:20] Lily: Um, is there anything else that you would add or something that you would like to be asked?
[00:48:25] Sabrina: Um... Uh, we can add, um, just trans women that have passed away. Um, you know, we all went through stuff out there with a lot of people. And Diamond, um, she passed away on, um, November 24th, which is my clean date. I had got clean that day and I didn't know nothing about her passing. And, um, she was just a beautiful person.
[00:48:49] She was a lovely spirit. Um, just like all the other girls that passed. I know all of them. Um, but Diamond was basically my, she was my, my daughter. Um, she was also somebody else's daughter, but she was my daughter first. I met her first in jail. Um, and she became my daughter, but I was so much into my addiction that I really couldn't, didn't spend a lot of time with her, but every time I did.
[00:49:08] see her. She was always a very happy person. She was loved by everybody. Um, she was the last time I seen her. She told me, Sabrina, I need you to get yourself together. This is not you. You are really lovely person. You have a beautiful heart. I need you to get yourself together. It's time. And that was like a week before she passed away.
[00:49:26] And then I got myself clean on November 24th. And, um, I heard about her passing and it hurt my spirit, but she was a lovely person. Yeah, she really was. Everybody loved her. 
[00:49:38] Gabrielle: How 
[00:49:38] do you feel like you recovered after that? You know, what are some ways that you found community 
[00:49:43] or wellness through that? 
[00:49:43] Sabrina: Um, yeah, um, Well, it's still a shock.
[00:49:47] Like I'm surprised. Like she was one of the ones that you never had thought that would happen to and Just her being her, you know I was going to leave the program because I didn't think I deserved that clean date of her passing. And, um, they said, no, you have to look at it the good way. You know, um, she wanted you to get well.
[00:50:05] She passed away and you know, you can, I can, um, continue to do good and think about her and focus on the positive energy that she's always given me. And it will continue to make me, um, you know, move forward in life and she will always be in my heart. 
[00:50:23] And what parts of her do you think, you know, you'll take with you and you know, what kind of What kind of stories about her do you 
[00:50:29] want to share?
[00:50:29] Well, yeah. Well, that girl, you know, I called her my baby crazy. Cause she was wild. Um, she was lovely. She was happy. Um, she had a bubbly spirit. Um, it was not nobody that would mess with her or didn't like her. Um, I don't understand, but she was very happy. And, um, she loved her family. She loved her brothers.
[00:50:50] She loved everybody. She loved her, her sisters, uh, her trans sisters. Um, she really was really happy. She was just a really happy spirit. 
[00:51:01] Gabrielle: Um, so is there anything else that you'd like to add? No, that's it. Thank you so much for your time. We've loved speaking with you.
[00:51:11] Sabrina: All right, this is the end of the interview.
